Red Shirt Kid::: Come on. You're in. Ha, you can't catch me. 
Green Sweatshirt Kid::: Oh. Here I go. 
Red Shirt Kid::: Whoa.
Blue Shirt Kid::: Oh, yeah. Good one.
Kai::: Lloyd? Lloyd! Concentrate! 
Zane::: Now that the Bounty is in our possession again, we can train you more effectively. But you'll have to focus. One more time.
Lloyd::: Oh, but we've been training all day.
Lloyd:::Whatever.
Lloyd::: Ninja, go! 
Lloyd::: That was fun. Are we done?
Jay::: Oh, come on. You're better than this. What's on your mind?
Lloyd:::Well...The latest issue of Doomsday Comix and it's a limited run, so if I don't go out and get it, it's going to sell out. Last they left off, intergalactic rogue Fritz Donnegan was surrounded by the Imperial Sludge, and if I don't find out if he gets out alright, I think I might have my own doomsday.
Kai::: The fate of Ninjago rests on your shoulders. As the Green Ninja, you have a giant responsibility to hold. I'm sorry, but you don't have time for such childish things.
Lloyd::: Other kids get to play and have fun. All I ever do is train.
Cole::: Garmadon!
Jay::: We have to stop him before he uses the Mega Weapon to start another one of the dilogicbal plots.
Lloyd::: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't go and it's safer if I stay here and train.
Kai::: We'll meet up at the Bounty as soon as we're done.
Nya::: We'll be waiting for your safe return.
Lloyd:::Too old for comic books and too young to fight. When are they gonna make up their minds?
Nya::: Come on, pint size. Show me what you got. 
Skales::: Boy, did they get that wrong! 
Acidicus::: Why would we come to a museum if we weren't going to steal anything from it?
Fangtom ::: Because Master Garmadon...
Fangtom ::: ...has another plan to destroy the ninja.
Skales::: "Master Garmadon?" Ha! He's no master of mine since his so-called Mega Weapon has failed every time. I don't see why we don't call our own shots.
Garmadon::: Because this time I will not fail.
Acidicus, Fangtom, and Skalidor:::Yes, Lord Garmadon.
Skales:::Yes, Lord Gramadon. 
Garmadon::: Behold, Dromaeosaurid Theropod Grundalicus, otherwise known as the Grundle. Although now extinct, in its time it was the most fear and dangerous creature in all of Ninjago, with claws that could slice through steel, heightened senses that could detect its prey from miles away. It could track the stealthiest of ninja, and once it had picked up your scent, there was no hiding from it.
Jay::: The Grundal? I heard about them. Boy, am I glad we live in an age where we don't have to deal with those things? 
Skales::: Thanks for the history lesson, but what are we gonna do with a pile of bones?
Garmadon::: I am going to make it so the beast shall walk again.
Skales::: Yeah, right. Well, show us, then.
Garmadon:::Rise, Grundal, and feel the strength of the Mega Weapon! I wish to create the power to make you young. Turn back the clock so that you are no longer extinct......but hungry, hungry for the ninja.
Jay::: Oh, no. He's bringing it back?
Zane::: Not if we have any say in the matter.
Garmadon:::The ninja. Stop them!
Garmadon::: Rise, Grundal. Rise! 
Cole::: We can't let him finish. Go! 
Garmadon::: Stop them!
Zane::: This is not a solid plan, Cole. 
Kai::: I feel pretty alone up here.
Garmadon::: Not again. Not again!
Skales::: And you said it wouldn't fail.
Garmadon::: Retreat! 
Jay:::We stopped them.
Kai::: It didn't work.
Garmadon::: Curse you, ninjas! 
Jay:::Well, I thought we handled that well.Hey, they're trying to steal the golden sarcophagus.
Kai::: After them! 
Skales::: That's our way out of here.
Skalidor:::It won't fit.
Skales::: Forget it. Let's get out of here.
Jay:::I can't believe we couldn't catch up to them. I'm usually faster than that. It's as if my legs were half the size.
Kai:::I don't remember that thing being so big. Did it grow?
Zane:::Or did we shrink?
Kai::: Uh, guys. 
Jay:::We've shrunk! 
Kai::: We're...we're kids.
Jay::: Oh, this is bad. This is so bad on so many levels!
Cole:::Oh, it's impossible! We must be dreaming, Zane. Tell me we're dreaming!
Zane::: Nindroids don't dream. Perhaps Garmadon succeeded in turning back the clock, but instead of reviving the Grundal, it only affected us.
Jay::: Yeah, but Nindroids don't turn into kids. Explain that, genius.
Zane::: I've extended my logic parameters, but nothing is coming up. This does not compute. 
Cole::: Okay, fine. I get it. We're all in this together.Oh, but I can't be a kid again, I hated being a kid. You can't drive, nobody listens to you. Oh no, bedtimes! 
Jay::: I told Nya we'd meet back at the Bounty. I'm sure Sensei will know what to do.
Hat Officer:::Well, well, what do we got here? Looks like we've caught our culprits to the museum heist. Who would have thought it was just a bunch of brats? What have you got on, Apple Dumpling Gang? Pyjamas? 
Jay:::These aren't pajamas! We're ninja.
Brown Haired Officer::: Yeah, yeah, and I'm Santa Claus.
Kai::: Ninjago!Whoa!My Spinjitzu doesn't work. We're too small.
Brown Haired Officer::: Easy, kiddo.You're coming with us to the precinct. 
Kai::: Look,officers, this has been a grave misunderstanding. My friends here and I are simply trying to help out.
Brown Haired Officer::: Hey, you can tell all the stories you want when we return to the museum tomorrow to explain why you stole this.
Kai::: But we didn't steal it.
Brown Haired Officer::: Zip it.
Brown Haired Officer::: You have the right to remain silent.
Hat Officer:::Kids. 
Nya::: Oh, they should be back by now.
Wu::: Oh, I fear something horrible has happened to them.Lloyd,you're in charge of the Bounty while Nya and I have a look around town.
Lloyd::: Uh, yeah. Sure thing.Okay, Fritz Donogan, looks like it's just gonna be you, me, and the imperial sludge.
Kai, Jay, and Cole::: We're sorry for stealing.
Zane::: But we didn't. I don't understand.
Kai:::The quicker we get out of here, the faster we can figure out how to return our bodies back to normal.
Zane:::I'm sorry for stealing, too.
Curator::: Thank you, little boys, for returning the sarcophagus. You did the right thing. But, what about the bones?
Jay:::What bones? We didn't steal any bones.
Curator::: The Grundal bones. 
Jay:::The Grundal bones? They're gone! You don't think—
Kai::: It just walked out of here.
Zane::: Theoretically, it is possible that if Garmadon successfully reversed the years on us, he reversed the years on the Grundal and brought it back to life. 
Jay:::You guys have to believe us. The Grundal's been brought back to life and it's on the loose. It's sole existence is to hunt ninja and as long as we're here, everyone's at risk.
Brown Haired Officer::: Well, we'll keep a good look out for anything that goes bump in the night, okay? Now, you four sit still until we call your parents to come pick you up.
Cole::: We've gotta get out of here, right now.
Kai::: Follow my lead, boys.
Hat Officer::: Huh?
Brown Haired Officer::: Where are they?
Jay:::Oh, this is so humiliating.
Zane:::I'm afraid if we can't use our Spinjitzu, we'll be no match for the Grundal.
Kai::: Then we have to get back to the Bounty.
Noble::: Huh? Where are you going? Come back.What was that?Hello? Is anyone here?A monster! 
Jay::: Collect call, please.Hold me steady.
Lloyd::: Whoa!Destiny's Bounty.
Jay:::Lloyd, it's Jay! Let me talk to Sensei!
Lloyd::: Jay? Where are you? Why haven't you returned? Sensei's out looking for you.
Jay:::Apparently, you need parental permission to take the bus and we can't seem to get out of the city!
Lloyd::: Uh, what?
Jay::: Oh, never mind, it's a bit complicated. Just meet us at Buddy's Pizza in ten minutes. And bring our weapons.
Lloyd::: Weapons? 
Cole::: Really? Of all places we could meet, you pick this place?
Jay::: What? I like their pizza.
Kai:::Psst, Lloyd. 
Lloyd:::Beat it, brat. I'm on a mission. 
Kai:::It's me, Kai.
Lloyd:::Whoa! What happened? You're, uh, uh, small!
Kai:::Keep it down. We're trying to lay low.Your father's Mega Weapon not only to turn us into kids, but unleashed a creature whose sole purpose is to hunt down ninja.
Cole::: Typical Garmadon.
Jay::: And now, every time we try to tell someone,they won't believe us, 'cause we're kids.
Kai::: What's so funny?
Lloyd::: Well, I guess you now know what it feels like to be treated differently. 
Zane::: Look, this is serious. If we don't turn big so that we can use our Spinjitzu, we don't stand a chance against the Grundal.
Lloyd::: Well, what about me? I know Spinjitzu.
Kai::: Yeah, but you don't know the Grundal. We all need to be at full strength. What we need to do first is to find someone who might know more about how to defeat one of those things. 
Cole::: Lloyd, focus.
Lloyd::: I am. I think I know just the guy.
Cole::: You brought us to a comic book store?
Lloyd::: Trust me. If there's anyone who knows how to defeat a monster that doesn't exist, I know just the person to talk to. 
Kai:::We're not coming to pick out your stupid comic, Lloyd! This is serious business.
Jay:::Oh, look. A first edition "Daffy Dale." I used to love that nut growing up.So juvenile.
Lloyd::: Fellas, meet Rufus McCallister, AKA Mother Doomsday.
Rufus::: Well, if it isn't Lloyd "Hemorrhoid" Garmadon.Sorry if you came looking for the latest "Starfarer," I'm all sold out.
Lloyd::: Wh—Sold out?Oh, actually, Mother Doomsday, we need help.
Rufus::: Well, color me intrigued.
Lloyd::: We have a problem. There's a Grundal on the loose and we need to know how to deal with it.
Rufus:::Oh, a theoretical question.
Lloyd::: Yeah, theoretical. Can you help?
Rufus::: Dromaeosaurid Theropod Grundalicus. Phew! Although extinct, there has been a plethora of film, television and comics exploring the mythology around the primordial predator.Supposedly, they always get their prey.
Kai::: Sounds like he knows his stuff.
Lloyd:::Can it be stopped?
Rufus::: First thing you need to know is its thick shell-like hide is invincible to swords, scythes, nunchucks, and throwing stars. So your cheap imitations will do nothing to slow him down.
Cole::: Swell.
Rufus::: Second of all, it's nocturnal and will only hunt at night.
Jay::: Oh, good. It's still daylight, so we can relax for a bit.Uh, I meant theoretically.
Rufus::: And the only way to defeat it is with light.Like a vampire, with enough of it, it could potentially destroy him.If I had my weapons of choice, may I recommend the Illuma-Sword?These are authentic replicas that would come in handy were you to live long enough to actually face a Grundal. And if swords are your thing,maybe I can interest you in an authentic ninja gi,signed by the very ninja that saved the city.
Kai::: Uh, we'll just take the light swords. 
Rufus::: Not so fast. This "Starfarer" combo pack can only be won in the Fritz Donogan Trivia Battle Royale.You have what it takes to be the best?
Jay::: You can do this, Lloyd.
Lloyd::: Sign me up.
Nya::: Great.Now Lloyd's missing. What's next?
Lloyd:::Sensei, we're at Doomsday Comix. Garmadon's turned the others into kids and we're about to face a real life Grundal. If you get this message, this isn't a prank. Come quick! 
Wu::: Oh, dear. Well, there's only one person who could help return the ninja back to normal.
Wu::: Hello, tea.
Mystake::: They're all special, you old fool!
Nya::: But this one can turn someone......older.
Mystake::: Ah, you seek Tomorrow's Tea. I only have one in stock in back. Follow me.
Mystake::: It should be here. 
Nya::: It's gone?
Mystake::: Just misplaced. I know it's here somewhere.
Wu::: We need to find that tea before it's too late.
Rufus::: It's down to the final two. This question is for Lloyd.
Crowd:::Lloyd! Lloyd! Lloyd!
Rufus::: What is Fritz Donogan's famous catchphrase?
Lloyd::: "Fair? Fair is not a word from where I come from."
Rufus::: Correct! We're all tied up.
Zane:::It's getting dark. The Grundal will be on the prowl soon.
Kai::: Don't worry. I got faith Lloyd can win those Illuma-Swords.Is this really the best time to be eating cotton candy?
Jay::: It makes me feel young. Deal with it.
Rufus::: Final question. The first person to answer this will win.In the latest issue of "Starfarer," how did Fritz Donogan escape the imperial sludge?
Lloyd:::But I haven't read the latest issue.
Fritz Donogan Fan::: By reversing the polarity of the ship's gravity transducer.
Rufus::: We have a winner!
Rufus::: Who shut off the power?
Kai::: It's here.
Rufus:::What's here?
Jay::: You know that theoretical discussion we had earlier? 
Rufus::: Not the... Grundal!
Zane:::We've got to get out of here.The door is jammed, we can't get out.
Jay::: Look! It's coming!
Jay:::We're doomed!
Rufus::: Doomed as Britts Subskian in "Phoenix War" page 15.
Jay::: Quick! This way! 
Cole::: Hey, McNasty, I thought ninja were on your menu!
Jay::: It's working!
Cole::: Stupid toy. 
Zane::: Uh oh!
Jay::: Oh. We got a problem, guys.
Lloyd:::Not to worry, I'll take care of this.
Kai, Jay, Zane, and Cole::: Lloyd!
Kai::: Oh, gross!
Cole::: This is the end, isn't it?
Nya:::Everyone out!
Wu::: Use this! 
Jay:::What is it?
Wu::: It'll turn forward the hands of time, turning you old and reducing the Grundal back to dust and bones.But be careful, there's no turning back.
Jay:::Grundal, prepare to be extinct!
Cole:::No, wait.What will happen to Lloyd?He'll grow old, too.
Lloyd::: Just do it.
Jay::: You'll miss out on the rest of your childhood, dude.
Kai::: We can't do that to you. It's not fair!
Cole::: Oh, no!
Lloyd::: Fair? Fair isn't a word from where I come from. 
Wu::: He used it!
Nya::: And it's working!
Cole:::What happened? We're not kids anymore.
Nya::: It worked!
Rufus:::They are the real ninja.
Wu:::But what about Lloyd? 
Lloyd:::I'm...older. 
Wu::: The time for the Green Ninja to face his destiny has grown nearer.
Lloyd::: I'm ready.
Rufus::: Here you go, Lloyd. You can have my copy of Starfarer.You deserve it.
Lloyd::: That's okay.I already know how it ends. 
Wu::: "There comes a time when we all must grow up. When that time comes, it's important not to forget the lessons of our childhood because our childhood is the greatest training one can ever have. Yes, the time until the final battle has grown shorter, but the Green Ninja has grown stronger."
