Zane::: It looks like everything has been restored, including my arm.
Jay::: Looks like it brought some friends.
Nya::: Doesn't look like there's another portal for the dragon to take Wu through, but some type of ... forcefield?
Kai::: So ... end of the line? Finally! C'mon. Ninja, g-
Cole::: Hold up, Kai. Let's balance our approach here. I don't think my mech will fit in there. We'd have to go in without our rides.
Kai::: If that's what it takes.
Nya::: Kai, we should assess the situation. Look for weaknesses!
Kai::: The longer we wait, the higher the chances of them running off with Master Wu. I know it's a risk, but we have to do it.
Jay::: I gotta be honest, I don't see how we're gonna beat those things.
Zane::: Perhaps these dragons are not enemies to be feared, but allies to be won over.
Lloyd::: I agree. There's gotta be a way to beat them strategically.
Kai::: I hear what you're all saying. But I think in this case, we don't need strategy. We just need some good old fashioned courage! 
Nya::: Well, he's certainly not afraid!
Kai::: Ninja, go!What just happened?
Cole::: Let's go! Everyone, set blasters to stun!
Zane::: That was illogical.
Nya::: Let's blast these salamanders.
Jay::: I didn't know dragons did that!
Wu::: Noooo!
Lloyd::: Hold on, Kai!So, that was bizarre. Right?
Wu::: Bizarre? Perhaps. But courageous? Definitely.
Cole::: Are you okay, Master Wu? They didn't hurt you, did they?
Nya::: Something tells me there was more going on here than we realized.
Wu::: Very observant, Nya. That's something that a curious mind would understand.
Lloyd::: Courage? Curiosity? Were all these missions -
Wu::: Designed to teach the six fundamental virtues of Spinjitzu? A wise discovery, Lloyd.And now, hopefully, you understand their importance. Each challenge was designed to train you in one of the virtues. Nya, your curiosity led you to discover the dragons that had taken me. Cole, it was your balance that enabled you to traverse the lava room. Lloyd, your wisdom helped you cross the finish line. Jay, honesty was key to your victory in the ice arena. Zane, through generosity, you achieved your goals. And Kai, your courage empowered you to conquer the final challenge.
Lloyd::: So, none of that was real? The dragons, the challenges?
Wu::: Reality is all in one's perception.Is it not?
