Zane::: The Re-Awakened? But that means we're in the-
Cole::: How are these skeletons here? We dealt with all of them before!
Jay::: Guess nobody told them that! Has anyone seen my dragon? I swear I just had a dragon!
Cole::: Check it out! Master Wu!
Zane::: We just missed them again!
Cole:::Something's not right. I can't connect to the earth! There's too much Vengestone down here. We've got to get to that portal, but without powers, there's just no way to clear our -
Cole::: Okay, so maybe there is. Look! It's Chancellor Gulch and some of the other Geckles!
Zane::: How come they are so strong? This is weird.Two more such hits and we should be able to proceed to the portal!
Cole::: And there goes our only hope!
Zane::: Continue the battle. I will see if I can assist the Geckles. 
Gulch::: Ah, non-skeleton ninja Zane! Oh, we are pleased you are here. Let us show our appreciation! 
Zane::: Please, stop! Your painful welcome is potentially injurious!This is suboptimal. A replacement lever is required.
Gulch::: But we don't have an extra lever. We used all our levers at the recent Lever Bonfire Festival!
Zane::: Lever Bonfire Festival?
Gulch::: Yes, a yearly Geckle tradition. We symbolically burn all spare levers to stop evil from having leverage over our hearts.
Zane::: Without a suitable replacement with an adequate connection grip, this damage is not repairable.
Gulch::: Is there nothing you can do? We use this catapult to defend our Strong-Cave. Without it, our people will be overrun!
Zane::: I will reevaluate.Your device is now functional.
Gulch::: You gave your own arm to protect us? We will not forget this. Fire! 
Cole::: That's the stuff! Just one more!
Gulch::: Fire!
Cole::: We're clear! Let's go!
Zane::: Wait. Ninja, look!
Zane::: The Geckles helped us. We cannot abandon them.
Cole::: But, the portal! Master Wu!
Zane::: Master Wu would not want us to abandon the Geckles to their fate.
Cole::: You're right.
Jay::: The portal's almost gone! We'll never make it!
Gulch::: Yes, you will. Get on!Fire!
Zane::: Thank youuuuu!
