Past Zane::: Go, ninja. Go!
Past Overlord::: What are you doing? Let me go, you fool!
Past Kai and Jay::: No! 
Past Kai::: What is he doing?
Past Wu::: He's protecting us.
Kai::: Nya, what's happening?
Nya::: You're caught in a data loop. Zane's mind keeps pulling you back to this moment. This is the memory that was locked inside the Ninjigma.
Zane::: This is my battle with the Digital Overlord. This is where I died.
Overlord::: Free at last! I've waited so long for my revenge.
Nya::: Whatever this thing is, it's not the Overlord. It must be leftover code from the Overlord virus hidden in Zane's programming.
Cole::: How did it survive all of Zane's reboots and system wipes?
Zane::: I can as-assure you my security s-s-software is up to date.
Nya::: Too up-to-date. You locked this memory away, even from yourself.
Zane::: I felt so alone.
Nya::: The virus was locked away with that loneliness, growing stronger.
Overlord::: Strong enough to corrupt your friend. And soon the six of you will be nothing but another memory for me to erase.
Kai::: Not if we can help it. 
Cole::: Kai, you jumped is out of the data loop.
Jay::: We beat the real Overlord before. This cheap copy doesn't stand a chance.
Nya::: Kai might be on to something. Now that the virus is exposed, I can reroute the data generated by your memories directly into its source code.
Jay::: So we just think about fighting other things, and use that to fight this thing? Awesome!
Kai::: This is my kind of puzzle.
Past Kai::: You're fired!
Nya::: It's working.
Kai::: Let's give this virus a strong dose of Spinjitzu.
Past Cole::: Earth!
Past Kai::: Fire!
Past Zane::: Ice!
Past Jay::: Lightning!
Past ninja::: Ninja, go!
Nya::: Tornado of Creation downloaded.
Overlord::: You think your puny Spinjitzu can achieve what the First Spinjitzu Master himself could not?
Zane::: Spinjitzu is not the only technique we know.
Past Wu::: The Swooping Crane. Pinching Crab.
Past Zane::: Falcon Vision.
Cole::: Yeah. Don't forget a little move known as the Triple Tiger Sashay.
Past Cole::: Triple Tiger Sashay. 
Kai::: I think your Earth Punch might be a little more effective.
Cole::: Oh, right.
Overlord::: Two can play at this game.
Past Jay::: No!
Past Garmadon::: Bye, bye!
Past Kai::: Who's next?
Cole::: All this proves is that we can take a hit and still keep fighting. And just think how much stronger we are now.
Kai::: Cole's right. We are stronger. And we have our greatest victories right at our fingertips to prove it.
Past Cole::: I'm slipping!
Past Kai::: Ugh. Don't let up.
Nya::: The virus is fighting us back with our own memories. Think of some weapons, guys. I might be able to use that memory data to get the upper hand.
Kai::: A ninja never forgets his first Golden Weapon.
Past Cole::: Going somewhere?
Overlord:::Your attempts are futile.
Zane::: They do not s-s-seem to be having desired effects. Perhaps using them together?
Cole::: Yes. Come on, Mega Weapon.
Past Garmadon::: Yes. It's working. The Mega Weapon doesn't have the power to destroy. It only has the power to create!
Jay::: You heard Lord Garmadon. The Mega Weapon only creates. In case you hadn't noticed, we need to destroy. I know the perfect thing. Aw, man.
Lloyd::: Too random. We need a plan.
Jay::: Sorry. In my defense, they looked really cool.
Nya::: You better come up with something fast. I don't know how much longer I can keep Zane online.
Cole::: Roger that. Less memory lane, more...
Jay::: Sword alley?
Kai::: We need to think outside the box.
Jay::: Ah-ah-ah. Outside the Ninjigma.
Cole::: If we can use any weapon we want, that means every weapon, not just ours.
Past Wu::: Our only hope was four blades, hastily forged from Chronosteel—the Time Blades. Chronosteel is the only metal that can absorb Elemental Energy.
Zane::: Using an en-n-nemy ar-ar-arsenal against an enemy makes some s-st-st-strategic s-s-sense.
Past Kai::: Ice.
Kai::: He never saw it coming.
Overlord::: You will never defeat me. You cannot even protect this cave from my reach. What hope do you have of saving Ninjago?
Lloyd::: Are you kidding me?
Kai::: Why isn't it working?
Jay::: Oh, I wish Master Wu were here. He'd know what to do.
Past Wu::: If we dwell too long on what's missing, we fail to see what can be gained.
Kai::: Master Wu might be gone, but he's still with us.
Past Wu::: In each and every one of us, there are obstacles that hold us back. Only when you conquer that fear will your heart be free.
Past Cole::: What if we've done enough training? What if we've reached out True Potential? What if we're ready?
Past Kai::: All this training, all of these battles we've had with skeletons and the Serpentine. We've persevered through so much. We can't just give up now.
Past Zane::: I faced my fear. When I realized it wasn't something in front of me that help me back, but something inside you, I found a deeper power.
Overlord::: 
Past Jay::: Nya. The poison hit you, too.
Nya::: Don't listen.
Overlord::: 
Nya::: The virus is trying to use your own memories against you.
Past Kai::: Master? Is he...
Past Nya::: He's still here, but not for long.
Cole::: There must be something we're forgetting.
Jay::: I don't think Wu's training covered this.
Kai::: Come on, guys, think.
Jay::: We have been thinking. I feel like the only super-powerful enemy we haven't talked about is Lloyd, and we never had to fight him.
Past Wu::: Lloyd.
Past Lloyd::: Hello, uncle. I'm glad you brought the ninja. I could use some help taking out the trash. Muahaha!
Past Cole::: To the dirt!
Kai::: Jay, you're a genius.
Jay::: I am?
Past Wu::: What is the best way to defeat an enemy? It is to make them your friend.
Past Kai::: We're going to teach you everything we know.
Past Jay::: And make sure you're prepared for that fight.
Past Cole::: 'Cause as we all know, good will always stand up to evil.
Past Zane::: And ninja will always stand up for what is right.
Kai::: Our most powerful weapon has never been our swords or Elemental Powers or even our training. It's been our friendship.
Past Zane::: If this is how we're going to go down, I am proud to be fighting alongside my brothers.
Cole::: Of course. The only way to beat a bad memory is to focus on good memories instead.
Jay::: I say let's show 'em what we ninja are all about.
Past ninja::: Ninja, go!
Overlord::: No.
Past Cole::: Glad you guys are my friends. Let's do the whip!
Past ninja::: Ninja, go!
Past Cole::: Now come here, you shiny new tin can.
Past Zane::: One team, one dream!
Past Jay and Cole::: Hey!
Past Kai::: We're a team.
Past Cole::: Now you're talking.
Past Jay::: We're a team, and that means we're all responsible.
Past Zane::: As iron sharpens iron...
Past Kai::: Brother sharpens brother.
Past Jay::: We're a team. We stick together.
Overlord::: This can't be.
Past Zane::: Let's do it again!
Past Jay and Cole::: Hey!
Past Kai::: I guess you could say we learned we don't need all the fancy stuff. We just need each other.
Past Jay::: Hey, we all have our bad days. We'll pick you up, so next time, you can return the favor.
Past Cole::: We're in this together.
Past ninja::: Ninja, go!
Overlord::: What...is...h-h-happening? 
Cole::: We're out.
Kai::: We did it. We did do it, right?
Nya::: Every last byte of the virus is gone.
Jay::: Is Zane okay?
Nya::: All systems online and operational. He must still be inside repairing the damaged files.
Kai::: We're with you, Zane.
Zane::: You were always with me.
Past Wu::: I am proud of you, Zane. One day, I promise we will find your family.
Past Zane::: But I've already found them.
