}}Samurai:::My entire existence, I have been training for this day. For this hour. For this moment. Terra Karana is a place of danger. Peril awaits at every turn. Victory is impossible... without a proper guide. I am that guide. They call me Okino, Samurai of Terra Karana. If I am worthy, I will lead my Master in triumph. That is my sole purpose in life. For I am Okino!
Newbie Gamer::: Oh golly, what do we have here? 
Okino::: I am Okino, Samurai of Terra Karana. I will your guide through the three deadly challenges you must surmount in order to defeat the Red Dragon and—
Newbie Gamer::: Ho-ho-hohold your horses. You're saying a lot of words really fast. Let's start over. Deadly challenges.
Okino::: Three. The Forest of Discontent, the Cliffs of Hysteria, and finally, the Maze of the Red Dragon.
Newbie Gamer::: Oh. The who?
Okino::: The Red Dragon.
Newbie Gamer::: Samurai stuff, huh? I knew I should've got some armor! And this Red Dragon fella, he's got the key thing, right?
Okino::: The Key-Tana, yes.
Newbie Gamer::: Ho-ho! And I need to get that to win the game. Got it, Pocono!
Okino::: Uh, Okino.
Newbie Gamer::: Well same thing. Okie dokie now, you say the Forests of Discontent's up first? 
Okino::: Master! 
Newbie Gamer:::When I'm done with it, it'll be called the Forest of—Eee-Yahhh!Oh, my. That was a doozy. Guess I didn't see that coming.
Okino::: As your guide, allow me to suggest that we take cover and proceed in a more—
Newbie Gamer:::Oh, come on. What are the chances of the same thing happening twice? Hahahaha—Yee-ha! 
Okino::: Master, perhaps it would be better if we—
Newbie Gamer::: Went around the thorn! I got it this time! We'll go this way! Wha-haha! 
Okino:::Because you have only one life remaining, it is of grave importance that you—
Newbie Gamer::: Go the other direction! You see my first rodeo—Wha-hoo! 
Okino::: Master!I failed that Master. Some Masters are difficult. I must try harder. I will not fail again! I... am... Okino!I am Okino. I will be your guide throughout the three deadly challenges you must surmount in order to—
Gamer Geek::: Ooh, ooh. I read about this on a gamer blog. There's like, what, the Emo Woods or Forest of Melancholy or something?
Okino::: Discontent. Forest of Discontent.
Gamer Geek::: Right, and it's the Hysterical Cliffs?
Okino::: Cliffs of Hysteria,but yes.
Gamer Geek::: And you'll help me get through all of this?
Okino::: It is my sworn duty to protect and aide you!
Gamer Geek:::That's great! I think we're going to make a great team together, Okino.Come on! 
Okino::: No! 
Gamer Geek::: Ahhh! 
Okino::: Seriously?Oh, come on.Providing guidance to my Masters has proven to be a... difficult path, but this is my purpose and I will persist. I am Okino! No!My entire existence, I have been training for this day. For this hour. For this moment. Terra Karana is a place of danger. Peril awaits at every turn. Victory is impossible. 
Successful Samurai::: Who goes there?
Okino::: I am Okino, samurai of Terra Karana. I will be your guide through the three deadly challenges you must—
Successful Samurai::: Ah. A fellow guide. Well met!
Sage Master::: We hope you will forgive our suspicion, good samurai. For we have faced many deadly traps and ambushes on our journey.
Okino::: Uh, you have traveled long?
Successful Samurai::: We have! It fills me with pride to say that I have served my master well. And my guidance protected him through many perils.
Okino::: That is most honorable. U-uh, to be clear, you're saying your master has not repeatedly been destroyed?
Successful Samurai::: Certainly not.
Okino::: He has not run into the same trap over and over, despite all warnings?
Successful Samurai::: Of course not.
Okino::: And he has not been caught in a bear trap? Or by, ugh, Swamp-Teeth?
Sage Master::: Thankfully, no. The advice of my faithful guide has spared me from any such lamentable fate.
Okino::: Most impressive. And... to what do you ascribe your greater success, brother samurai?
Successful Samurai::: My great skills and extensive training of idol, of course...
Okino::: Of course.
Successful Samurai::: But, more than anything else, I rely on a positive mental attitude!
Okino::: A positive mental attitude.
Successful Samurai::: Yes, eternal hope. Endurance. Belief in one's self. Behold, my wakizashi is sharp. But lo, my will is sharper! My katana is strong. But my heart, stronger!
Okino::: Thank you, brother samurai, for your words of wisdom! You have inspired me!
Successful Samurai::: I am happy to be of service. Come, master. There are many challenges ahead. Let us go.
Sage Master::: Lead on, my fine, faithful servant. We shall overcome them, together. 
Okino::: Fate has sent me a message! A message of inspiration! My own disillusionment has been the source of my failure. It is I who must change. Okino must become a better samurai! As I train my body, I also train my mind. My will is sharp! My heart is strong! My faith is reborn! For I... am... Okino!I am Okino. I—
Adventure-Ready Woman::: Good samurai, will you please guide me? I know I must face the Forest of Discontent, the Cliffs of Hysteria, and the Maze of the Red Dragon. And I do not think I can survive without your wise counsel. 
Okino::: Watch out!Up!Oh-oh! Follow me!We are almost there.You can do it, master!Behold, the Maze of the red dragon! You are the first of my Masters to come so far.
Adventure-Ready Woman::: We are not stopping here. Together you and I will reach the first Key-Tana, and go on to—Ahhh! 
Okino::: Master! Nooooo!There is no excuse. My shame is complete. I disgrace the very title "Samurai." "Okino" will now become a word people use to describe how terrible something is. "How was your day?" "It was Okino!" It is time to hang up my sword. I am unworthy. I will never guide another Master to their doom. This... I swear on my— 
Jay::: Uh. The League of Jays aren't "nutjobs." They're fans. And they're awesome.
Cole::: Just 'cause they're fans, doesn't mean they're not nutjobs.
Jay::: Oh, you're just jealous because—
Kai::: Right. What were they called again? The... the key things?
Okino::: Key-Tana. 
Nya::: Oh. Hi.Who are you?
Okino::: I am terrible. I was a guide. It was my duty to lead adventurers such as yourself through this land.
Jay::: Uh, it's not anymore?
Okino::: I have failed too many masters.To my endless shame. 
Nya::: Well, we would be honored to have your help, humble samurai.
Kai::: Yeah, because we really have no clue what we're doing. I mean like none.
Cole::: Don't worry, buddy, we've lost plenty of fights too. But you can't let it get you down, right?
Lloyd::: I'm Lloyd. What's your name?
Okino::: I... am Okino.
