Jay::: See? I told ya. How amazing!
Nya::: I'll admit, I wasn't sure it could live up to the legend, but... it's even more beautiful.
Wu::: The Ivory City of Shintaro. Incredible.
Vangelis::: Welcome, welcome! I'm most pleased you were able to accept our invitation. It is an honor. 
Wu::: The honor is ours.Shintaro is beyond anything we imagined.
Vangelis::: I am only a mere figurehead. The citizens of our proud city are the heart of Shintaro.
Vania::: Oh, they're here!
Vangelis::: And please, meet my heart. Her Royal Princess Vania.
Vania::: I am such a fan! I've read all about your adventures. It was my idea to invite you to my birthday.
Cole::: It's an honor to be here, Princess.
Vania::: So, is it true you've been to Hiroshi's Labyrinth?
Zane::: Affirmative.
Vania::: Competed in the Tournament of Elements?
Kai::: Oh ho, do we have stories for you.
Vania:::I need to hear them all.
Cole::: Where should we begin?
Vangelis:::You can begin by following me. Tomorrow will be a very busy day for all of us.
Vania::: Cole, the Earth Elemental. What is it like to command the very earth? Is it as fun as it sounds?
Cole::: Yeah, pretty much.
Jay::: Huh. Weird. The Princess seems to like Cole. I mean, he's my best friend and all, but Cole?
Lloyd::: Yeah. Weird.
Cole::: Aah!
Lloyd::: Hello, Cole.
Cole::: Lloyd? How did you sneak in here?
Lloyd::: I'm a ninja, remember? I'm here to warn you about the Princess. I think she's lying, Cole, and I think she's up to something. I can tell. They're all the same.
Cole::: All Princesses? That seems a little bit judgy. Wait a second. This is because of Harumi?
Lloyd::: No! Not at all!
Cole::: Because that's literally one example of that. Besides, I don't even like Vania like that. We just met. Calm down, Lloyd.
Lloyd::: Hmph! 
Cole:::Okay. Lloyd, look.Aah!
Gleck::: Aah! You're not Gilly! Aah! 
Cole:::What?Hey! Get back here! Huh?
Guard::: Sir! Is everything all right?
Cole::: There must be a - a secret passage or trapdoor somewhere! That's how he got in!
Guard::: Uh, "he", sir?
Cole::: There was a little purple creature in my room! He attacked me in bed!Emergency ninja meeting! Forty-Seventh Floor Lobby!
Wu::: Cole.
Cole::: Oh, boy. I-I'm sorry, Master Wu, but we have to wake the others.
Jay:::So let me get this straight. You pulled me out of the most luxurious bed ever -
Nya::: It felt like a cloud of warm contentment.
Jay::: -because you saw a creature in your bedroom?
Cole::: Yes! I told you, it tried to attack me, and when I fought back, it ran off somewhere! It disappeared. But get this, the weirdest part is that the creature was wearing my mother's necklace!
Lloyd::: Cole, um, are you sure this really happened, like, in reality?
Cole::: What do you mean?
Zane::: I believe he is implying that you were dreaming.
Cole::: It wasn't a dream! I recognized it right away! It had a picture of my parents inside it!
Nya::: So, where is it?
Cole::: Well, I don't have it on me. The creature grabbed it back before he vanished.
Kai:::Cole, buddy, go back to bed.
Wu::: It must have been a dream, Cole. Because I do not recall your mother ever having a locket.
Cole::: She did! I've seen pictures of it. We have to tell King Vangelis!
Lloyd::: Whoa, slow down. It's not that we don't believe you-
Jay::: I don't believe him.
Lloyd::: We're guests here. We can't wake up the King in the middle of the night.
Cole::: But- 
Wu::: Cole, go to sleep. We can discuss all of this in the morning, okay?
Cole:::Ha! Got you now, you little purple-Oh, Princess Vania? Oh wow, sorry! I thought you were someone else, I swear!
Vania::: I heard what you said back there. About the little purple creature.
Cole::: Oh, great. Another person thinks I'm imagining things.
Vania::: Oh, I don't think that at all.
Cole::: You don't?
Vania::: When I was a child, I thought I had an imaginary friend. A little purple creature who used to follow me around. Now, I'm starting to wonder if my imaginary friend was a real friend. Follow me. This way!Here.
Cole::: The palace gardens?
Vania::: This is where Mr. Sparkles and I used to play. Hmm, that's what I called him. All the adults insisted I dreamed him up in my head, but I swear, he used to come right up out of there.There used to be some mines under the city, but my father ordered them all covered up for the public's safety.
Cole::: Mines?
Vania::: Long ago, before my people settled here, there was an older city run by the super evil sorcerer, who built tunnels, and mines, and dungeons deep in the mountain. He's gone now, but the dungeons are still there, so my father forbade anyone from entering them. It's too dangerous.
Cole::: Look, Princess. Forbidden or not, I have to find out how my mom's necklace ended up with that purple dude.
Vania::: Okay, I'm in. 
Cole::: Are those- where did you-
Vania::: "Always onward," the adventurer's motto.
Cole::: If the King finds out-
Vania::: I'm not some small child anymore. I'm old enough to decide things on my own.
Cole::: Well, in that case...Always onward. And into the mines of an evil sorcerer.
Vania::: I remember so many incredible stories about the evil sorcerer told by candlelight. He was called evil powers and - oh look! Train tracks. I wonder where those go. 
Cole::: Uh, let's take the other tunnel.
Vania::: So anyway, a long, long, long time ago, the evil sorcerer was vanquished, and they say his bones are still down here in this mountain somewhere. Maybe we'll see them. Wouldn't that be great?
Cole::: Uh, yeah. Great.Wow! 
Vania::: Oh, my. Look at all these creatures! Those look just like Mr. Sparkles!
Cole::: Yeah. And just like the one that was in my room. But who are those guys?
Vania::: I don't know. But they don't look happy. They're all chained up. 
Skull Sorcerer::: Who dares? Who dares to disturb the work?
Vania:::Who's that?
Skull Sorcerer::: I warned you, all of you! The work must not stop or there would be punishment!
Hazza D'ur::: Punish them! Punish! 
Cole::: I don't know what's going on here, but I know a bad guy when I see one, and that is a bad guy. Get back and tell your dad what's going on. Tell him to bring his guards and wake up my friends.
Vania::: What about you?
Cole::: I'm the Elemental Master of Earth, and I'm surrounded by earth. I'm gonna do what I do best. 
Skull Sorcerer::: The next to defy me shall feel-
Cole::: Hey, buddy! Hey there. Name's Cole. Ninja. Uh, I heard there was some jerk down here, chaining people up, making them work. You seen any jerks around?
Skull Sorcerer::: Get him! 
Cole:::What the? Oh, come on!Alright, now, how about you give me the keys to all these chains before I really get angry?
Skull Sorcerer::: You have meddled in the wrong place. Now, you will witness my true wrath! The wrath of the Skull Sorcerer! 
Cole::: Hey what? No fair! Uh-oh! 
Hazza D'ur::: The wrath of the Skull Sorcerer! 
