Fred::: And now a Ninjago News special report. Arcade Apocalypse! Prime Empire. It's not just a video game craze sweeping the city, but something far more sinister. We're receiving reports that players who reach the 13th level are mysteriously vanishing! Where are these missing players? Who's taking them? And more importantly... will I win a Peabody Award for this hard-hitting report? Stay tuned!
Benny::: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! What are you doing? You can't take that! I've made more money on that game in two days than I have in the last two months.
Ninjago City Police Officer::: This thing's dangerous.
Benny::: Oh, come on, that's ridiculous. It's just a game—
Noble::: Welcome back, Mechanic?We kept your usual cell for you.
The Mechanic::: Shh! You feel it? Change is in the air tonight.
Noble::: That's just a draft.
The Mechanic::: Soon, I'll be on top, again.
Noble:::Oh, yeah. Top bunk, if you're lucky. 
Kryptarium Prison Officer #1::: Huh? What?
Noble::: There's something wrong with the security system. 
Unagami::: Unagami requires your assistance. Will you serve Unagami?
The Mechanic::: Yes! I'll be more careful this time. I won't let you down.
Unagami::: If you fail Unagami a second time, it will be game over. 
Kryptarium Prison Officer #2::: Oh, no, let's get out of here! 
Soto::: Ha-ha! We be free at last!
The Mechanic::: Captain Soto! Ultra Violet! All of you! Come with me. Work for Unagami and you will be rewarded handsomely.
Fugi-Dove:::All of us?
The Mechanic::: Uh, not you, Fugi-Dove. 
Elevator Voice::: Welcome to floor 100.
Cyrus Borg::: Ah, ninja. Your little game has kept me quite busy.
Nya::: What have you discovered?
Cyrus Borg::: A new appreciation for the designer, Milton Dyer.
Kai::: He designed a pretty killer security system on Dyer Island, too.
Cyrus Borg::: Wh-wh— More-More impressive than mine?
Kai::: Do you have robot dogs? Because he had robot dogs.
Cyrus Borg::: Yeah, well, ahem. I've run diagnostics on the cabinet and this game is far more complex than anything I've ever seen. Even more than my ill-fated different zones inside the game.
Nya::: So Jay's in one of those zones?
Cyrus Borg::: Not just Jay. The game's play account has exploded.Over 800 players are now trapped inside the game.
Kai::: All the people who reach level 13 and disappeared into the cabinet!
Cyrus Borg:::The world inside, Prime Empire is controlled by Unagami.
Zane::: And Unagami is Milton Dyer.
Cyrus Borg::: Which means there are two ways to deal with this. Find Dyer in real life and stop him or... enter the game, just like Jay did, and stop Dyer's avatar, Unagami.
Lloyd::: I think we should divide up and go for both at the same time.
Cyrus Borg::: I'm afraid Zane and P.I.X.A.L. cannot enter the game. The Prime Empire code is so complex, they could overwrite your programming.
P.I.X.A.L.::: I... like my ones and zeroes just the way they are, thank you.
Zane::: Then we'll stay here and track down Dyer in real life.
Cole::: And I'm gonna reach level 13 and crack this baby wide open! 
The Mechanic::: The original Prime Empire cabinet is somewhere in this building. And we'll search every floor until we find it.
Ultra Violet::: Bet you wish you had Fugi-Dove now. He could've just flown up there. 
Zane::: How did the Mechanic get out of Kryptarium? And there's Captain Soto, and Ultra Violet!
Nya::: They must have broken out of prison, but why did they come here? 
Elevator Voice::: Powering down. Borg Industries requests you leave the premises at once. Or you will be sorry.
The Mechanic::: To the stairs! 
Kai::: Let's go fight em' off!
Cyrus Borg::: Uh, no, wait! I'm initiating my buildling's defenses. It'll attack anything that moves, including you if you go down there!
Lloyd::: We're ninja. We can't just sit out a fight.
Cyrus Borg::: Fight the opponents in the game. You must reach level 13 before the real enemies get up here. 
Nya::: How's it going?
Cole:::Harder than expected, but I'm almost done customizing my avatar.
Kai::: Wha—? Y-You haven't even started the game yet?
Cole::: Winning's all about confidence. I gotta look cool when I'm fighting. 
Cyrus Borg::: Now we'll see who has the better security system. Hmph, robot dogs!Robot dogs are for amateurs! 
The Mechanic::: This the best you got, Borg? Gonna take more than a few wind-up toys.Watch out! Invisible lasers!
Ultra Violet::: Send the least important recruits first. 
Soto::: Methinks we should have brought Fugi-Dove. Anybody have his number? He's probably not doing anything too important.
Fugi-Dove:::One for you, and... one for you, and yes, one for you!
The Mechanic:::Those security drones know where the lasers are. 
Ultra Violet::: It's bricked off. We can't go any further.
Soto::: Ugh. Shiver me sails! 
The Mechanic::: Nice try! Almost fooled us. 
Cyrus Borg::: Aw, should've got robot dogs.
The Mechanic::: Floor 100. I said I'd be on top again.
Cole::: I'm so close.
Kai::: Yeah, well, so are they! 
Soto:::Well, blow me down! You made a wee puddle. 
Nya::: Lloyd! Industrial strength caution tape!
Nya and Lloyd::: Ninja, go! 
Cole::: Spin kick! Thunderbolt punch! Maximum damage! 
Lloyd::: Going to great lengths just to play a video game. Why are you doing this for Unagami.
The Mechanic::: He's pressing the "Start" button on a new revolution...I will be player two, serving at his side! 
Cole::: Yah! Guys, I did it! Level 13!
Nya:::Ah, that's great, but a little busy here. 
Game Voice::: Would you like to enter Prime Empire?
Cole::: Ninja, let's go! 
Nya::: Jay better be safe in there, you dumb game. 
Cole::: Come on, Lloyd! 
Zane::: Go on! Good luck finding Unagami! 
Lloyd::: Good luck finding Milton Dyer. 
Cyrus Borg::: To the roof! My private helicopter awaits! 
The Mechanic::: Let them go. They aren't what we came for. This is. Unagami will be proud.How can this be?!
P.I.X.A.L.::: I worry what damage the Mechanic will cause now that he has the original game.
Zane:::I'm not worried. Ugh. They won't be able to do anything without this!I yanked it a second after Cole went through.
P.I.X.A.L.::: The Prime Empire motherboard.
Cole:::Whoa! 
