Nya::: Move it, Mom!
Maya::: I'm going as fast as I can!
Nya::: Well, they're going faster! I hope they're not hungry!
Maya::: These suits are metal. Don't they know metal tastes terrible?
Nya::: I don't think they care, Mom!I've got you, Mom.
Maya::: Nya! Move it or lose it!
Nya::: They're too fast! We can't outswim them! This is their element!
Maya::: Water is your element too, dear. This far undersea, your powers are stronger than anywhere else.
Nya::: Whoa!
Maya::: I know you can do this.See? It's working! Don't forget about the third one!
Nya::: What third—I can take him! Oh, no no no no no, don't shut down on me now!
Jay::: Back off, fish sticks!
Nya::: Jay!
Maya::: Impeccable timing, boys!
Gripe::: They have escaped, my Prince! But do not fear. I unleashed the Ripper Sharks upon them.
Kalmaar::: You fool! I need them alive! I must have the location of that island!
Glutinous::: Sir! It appears they have been rescued by their friends. My sensors are picking up a vessel.
Kalmaar::: What vessel?
Glutinous::: The vessel you, um, attempted to sink. It seems to have survived. They repaired it somehow.
Kalmaar::: Interesting. It seems these surface-dwellers aren't quite as frail as I thought. How wonderful. Oh, this will be fun.
Maya::: Thank goodness you all came along. I thought we were done for.
Nya::: You said you knew I could save us!
Maya::: Well, I didn't want to be a Gloomy Gus, heh ... 
P.I.X.A.L.::: That's the proximity alarm. I'm afraid we have unannounced visitors.
Maaray Guard::: Trespassers, you have illegally entered the domain of King Trimaar, ruler of the Endless Sea and monarch of Merlopia. Come peacefully, or you will be fired upon.
Zane::: The Hydro Bounty is not in any condition to sustain further damage.
P.I.X.A.L.::: And we are unlikely to be able to outrun those creatures.
Lloyd::: Looks like we don't have a choice then.
Trimaar::: You have trespassed into my kingdom and risked the peace. Do you have anything to say before I pass judgment?
Lloyd::: Well, to be perfectly honest, we didn't know there was an undersea kingdom.
Nya::: And we wouldn't have trespassed if it weren't for us being shot down by your son—
Trimaar::: What? Is this true?
Nya::: Yeah. And not only that, which is enough, really, right? But he also took me and my mother captive!
Trimaar::: Captive?
Nya::: Oh, it gets worse!
Maya::: Yeah, tell him about the giant snake.
Nya::: Yeah, yeah. A giant sleeping snake, that your son, Calamari, is trying to wake up.
Trimaar::: What sleeping snake?
Nya::: Wojira.
Trimaar:::Bring the Prince and his Mer-servant to me. At once! If these accusations are true, you have my deepest apologies. My son Kalmaar will be disciplined, I assure you. For too long, I have looked the other way and—
Kalmaar::: Whatever these surface-dwellers have told you is a lie, Father!
Trimaar::: You deny sinking their vessel?
Kalmaar::: Oh, that. No, that part is true, I admit it. I've sunken many of their ships. Something you should have been doing, Father, if you took your duties as king more seriously.
Trimaar::: We live in peace with the surface. We do not bother them, and they do not bother us.
Kalmaar::: This world was once ours. Then they came and despoiled the Endless Sea with their lands and their foul presence. But with the power of Wojira, I can correct this wrong!
Maya::: Uh, should we leave?
Nya::: Yeah, this is awkward.
Kalmaar::: I will do what you should have done long ago. I will return us to our proper glory!
Trimaar::: I will not accept this brazen defiance! You have no power here, Kalmaar. I am your father and your king!
Kalmaar::: I can't do anything about the first thing, but as to the second ...Help! Help! The surface-dwellers have attacked the King! Help! Stop them!
Lloyd::: Run!
Gripe::: Go! Don't let them escape!
Maya::: Did you see that? I can't believe he did that! Someone needs to teach that boy a serious lesson.
Nya::: I think he needs a little more than a scolding, Mom!
Nya:::Ready for the old one-two?
Zane::: Affirmative. 
Benthomaar::: Brother!
Kalmaar::: Adopted brother.
Benthomaar::: Is it true? Is Father—
Kalmaar::: Sadly, yes. He has been gravely injured by the surface-dwellers. See for yourself.
Benthomaar::: Father? We've got to help him!
Kalmaar::: I fear he is beyond our help.
Benthomaar::: We can't just give up on him! Call the physicians!
Kalmaar::: There's no time for that! Let's both help him in our own ways. You by making him comfortable in his final moments. I will help by honoring his last wishes, and destroying the land-walkers who did this to him. Flood the castle and release the Ripper Sharks.
Benthomaar::: We can't just leave him here. It's too dangerous.
Kalmaar::: Don't worry. People who can breathe only air won't get far down here.
Benthomaar::: No, there's still time.Hang on, Father. I'll find you help.
Nya::: This castle is like a maze! Which way is out?
Lloyd::: I can't believe we just witnessed a palace coup!
Jay::: I can't believe we got blamed for it!
Maya::: What's that sound? Do you hear that?
Jay::: Sounds like somebody left the tub on.
Zane::: The amplitudes are inconsistent with the magnitude of a bathtub. I believe it might be—oh no! 
Nya::: Put your masks on! Fast!
Lloyd::: Everyone okay?
Maya::: Yeah, I'm okay.
Zane::: Affirmative.
P.I.X.A.L.::: It appears they did not think we would have rebreathers. Zane? You don't require a breathing device.
Zane::: Yes, but I like how it completes my attire.
Jay::: Ha! Well, they're gonna have to do better than that if they—Ah, phooey.
Lloyd::: Stay real still. Maybe they won't notice us.
Nya::: Zane! Freeze it!
Jay::: Aha! Try to get past that!You can't get me, you can't get me —aah!
Nya::: Jay!
Jay::: Oh, sorry!
Lloyd::: I need some help over here! This door won't open!
Benthomaar::: I will get you to our physicians, Father, just hold on. Hold on.
Trimaar::: No. No time. Listen, Bentho -
Benthomaar::: Shh. Save your energy, Father. Don't talk.
Trimaar::: Listen, Benthomaar. Listen! You must know the truth.
Benthomaar::: What truth?
Trimaar::: Put me down. I need to rest.It wasn't the land-dwellers. It was ... it was ...
Benthomaar::: Who? Who did this?
Trimaar::: Kalmaar did this.
Benthomaar::: No. No, he couldn't! He wouldn't.
Trimaar::: Promise me, Bentho. Promise me. You will help the surface-dwellers. Help them escape, and stop your brother, before he unleashes calamity upon us.
Benthomaar::: I promise, Father. I promise.
Trimaar::: You may not have been born to me, Bentho, but you are my son. I love you. 
Benthomaar::: I love you too, Father. Father?
Gripe::: The surface-dwellers have drawn their last breath, Prince Kalmaar.
Kalmaar::: Prince no longer ... I am King Kalmaar! 
Gripe::: Long live the King!
Maaray Guards:::Long live the King! Long live the King! Long live the King! Long live the King!
