Nya::: He's got one amulet already. We can't let him get the other. 
Benthomaar::: With both, he will awaken Wojira and create a wave of destruction not seen since the dawn of time. 
Jay::: Can these whales go any faster? Time is sort of ticking here. 
Nya::: They're pulling as quickly as they can. Remember, it's their world that's at risk too. 
Lloyd::: Let's just hope Kalmaar hasn't been able to locate the second amulet. 
Kalmaar::: Nothing can stop me now. Imagine this parched, dry city, submerged below the waves. Picture it, Gripe. Streets, turned into canals. Buildings and homes, flooded. Vehicles rusting away below the waves. A playground for fish and
Wu::: Now is not the time for amateur urban planning, foe. 
Kalmaar::: I will destroy you, old man. And when I say "I", I mean them.What are you looking at? I'm talking about you, you fools! 
Gripe::: Oh, yes. Forgive me, Sire. Attack!
Kai::: Huh? 
Ray::: Haha! Two for one! Be fast, my boy! 
Kai::: Right back at you, pops! 
Ray::: Nice one, Kai! 
Cole::: Out of my way! Ha! 
Gripe::: Fire! Fire! 
Wu::: You're not leaving with that amulet, Kalmaar! 
Kalmaar::: Actually, I am. I'm literally doing that right now. Here, watch. Oh look! This is me, leaving with the amulet.
Misako::: I'll get it! 
Kalmaar::: To my chariot! 
Kalmaar::: Ninja. What does that even mean in surface-dweller language? 
Wu::: A ninja is one who protects
Kalmaar::: It was a rhetorical question, I don't really care. Drop the anchor!Ugh, drop it in the water! 
Kai::: Get ready to hold your breath! 
Kalmaar::: Finally, the true Storm Amulet. Not that useless fake from the island. See you in the deep, ninja. 
Kai::: Wait, what? 
Kalmaar::: Huh? 
Cole::: The Hydro Bounty! 
Kalmaar::: But, I left this ship stranded! 
Nya::: You did, but we got a bit of help from some friends. 
Kai::: Sis! Guys! Great entrance!
Kalmaar::: When I strand land-dwellers, they're supposed to stay stranded! 
Nya::: You know, I'm starting to really enjoy ruining all your evil plans!
Benthomaar::: Your mad dreams of awakening Wojira are over, Kalmaar! 
Kalmaar::: Brother! It's not too late for us to work together. As a family, against these surface fools! 
Benthomaar::: No! I will not fall for that ploy again! 
Kalmaar::: Ah, I don't need you to fall for it. Just distract you long enough for this!Farewell, surface fools! 
Benthomaar::: Go! Stop him before he gets away!
Kai::: Nya talks to whales now? 
Jay::: Yeah, it's a new thing. 
Jay::: Nya! Nya ...
Benthomaar::: Nya! What happened? 
Nya::: Kalmaar got away. 
Benthomaar::: Then he will continue his senseless quest to awaken Wojira. 
Nya::: Well, he won't get far without this!
Jay::: Whoa! 
Wu::: The Storm Amulet. 
Maya::: Woo hoo! You did it, honey. You saved the city! 
Nya::: I couldn't have done it without you, Mom.
Nya::: And we do a lot of training here in the courtyard. Mostly because Jay's powers started an electrical fire that destroyed the practice room, which he blamed on Kai. 
Benthomaar::: Your Monastery truly is a wonderful place. 
Nya::: The kind of wonderful where you could see yourself staying for a while? 
Benthomaar::: I don't understand. 
Nya::: I wasn't giving you a guided tour just for fun. I talked to Master Wu and the others, and ... we know your home is the sea, but with your brother still down there, we thought you might wanna stay with us for a while. 
Benthomaar::: You are inviting me to stay? With you? Here? 
Nya::: Yeah. I mean, only if you want to ... 
Benthomaar::: I would like that very much. Yes! 
Nya::: Great! We'll get you a good room. You'll never even hear Cole snoring. Oh well, maybe a little. 
Kai::: So you're headed back home? 
Ray::: Yes. But, son, I value this time together more than I can say. 
Kai::: Me too. I'm gonna miss you, Dad. 
Nya::: Are you two seriously saying heartfelt goodbyes to one another, while playing a video game? 
Ray::: We've only got one level left. 
Kai::: Yeah. We started this together, and I really want to finish it before Dad leaves. 
Ray and Kai::: Fiyah. 
Maya::: Those two will never change. 
Nya::: Mom. You really have to go? 
Maya::: We've got lots of work waiting for us at the Smithy. And besides, I've caused you enough trouble here. 
Nya::: I was pretty mad when you stowed away on the sub. Now I'm glad you came. Glad we were together for this. 
Maya::: I realize now I should have believed in you more. You're a better Elemental Master than I ever was, and I'm glad I got to see that on one last adventure with you. 
Nya::: Who says this has to be our last adventure?
Benthomaar::: But what about the Storm Amulet? Where's it being kept? 
Lloyd::: You don't have to worry about that anymore. I promise, it's somewhere safe. 
Jay::: Yeah. You could say we put it somewhere ... out of reach. 
Benthomaar::: But how can you be sure? 
Zane::: We have some experience in this department. We have come across one or two dangerous things before. 
Lloyd::: We've made some friends in high places. 
Vania::: Seal the vault and double the guard, Hailmar. 
Hailmar::: Yes, my Queen. But, what is it? 
Cole::: Something that must never see the light of day again. 
