Falcon::: Wake up, Zane. I know where you come from.
Zane:::The hunt starts early today.
Wu::: A watchful eye never sleeps.
Nya::: As long as Lloyd and the Serpentine roam freely, no one in Ninjago is safe.
Zane::: Where are the others?
Wu::: Training on the upper deck.
Zane::: You were in my dream, little friend. Last time I saw you, you led me to good fortune. What reason have you returned?But you were banished!
Garmadon::: Only to return for the Weapons of Spinjitzu.Soon I will have the power to recreate Ninjago in my own image.
Garmadon::: Give me your Shurikens of Ice.
Zane::: You'll have to take them from me. Ninja, go!
Garmadon::: So be it.
Zane::: The Green Ninja. The legend's true. 
Zane:::Who are you?Kai, is that you?
Zane::: What's the meaning of this? Who are you, Green Ninja?
Jay::: Oh, sleeping in. You're gonna be late for training.
Zane::: Oh, how come no one awakened me?
Kai::: We didn't think you wanted us to. You looked like you were having some dream.
Zane::: How do I know this isn't a dream—
Cole::: Does that feel like a dream?
Zane::: No. Thank you for your help. 
Kai::: Hehe. Little slow today, huh? What exactly did you dream about?
Zane::: I saw the Falcon again.
Jay::: Whoa. Zane, every time you see that bird, something big happens. First, it lead you to the secret tree house.
Cole::: Then it lead you to the Bounty.
Wu::: All right. Stretches. First, the Swooping Crane. 
Zane:::This time, it showed me the Green Ninja.
Cole, Jay, and Kai::: The Green Ninja?
Wu:::That looks like the Shocked Monkey. Bad form, more focus. 
Jay:::You can't just drop a bomb like that. Spill the beans.
Kai:::Yeah, what else did you see?
Zane:::He was fighting Lord Garmadon.
Kai:::That's what the prophecy said. That the Green Ninja would defeat the Dark Lord. But did you have a chance to see which one of us was him?
Jay:::Yeah.
Cole:::Did you see?
Zane:::I could not tell. He shared attributes each of us possess.
Wu::: Now, Pinching Crab. 
Kai:::Well, tell us everything. And don't spare any details. There has to be a clue that tells us which one of us is gonna be the Green Nin— Ow, ow, ow! Hey!
Wu::: What was so important to ignore my teachings?
Kai::: Uh, nothing.
Jay::: It was nothing, Sensei.
Cole::: Yeah, we don't talk while you teach.
Zane::: Everyone was paying attention.
Wu::: Since you all appear to be lacking in focus, then you can all share in the punishment.
Kai::: What?
Jay::: Punishment?
Cole::: It was all Zane.
Zane::: I was merely answering their questions.
Wu::: No free time and no video games. The rest of the day can be used for training. And tomorrow, for that matter.
Kai::: Training? For how long?
Wu::: Until you can answer this simple riddle: what is the best way to defeat an enemy?
Kai::: Easy, with a sword.
Jay::: Your fists.
Cole::: Spinjitzu.
Zane::: Tornado of Creation?
Wu:::Pace yourselves. You have a lot of training ahead of you. Make sure you sharpen your mind as well as your Spinjitzu. 
Cole::: Ugh. What's the best way to defeat an enemy? It could be anything, ugh!
Jay::: Come on, guys, we're smart. We can figure this out.
Kai:::Yeah, but let's hear more about this dream.
Zane::: Let me just say, the Green Ninja is awesome.
Lloyd::: Go, General! The Hypnobrai. Now to teach them a lesson for betraying Lloyd Garmadon! Uh, do your thing, Fangpyre. I let you out of your hole for a reason.
Fangtom::: Attack!Skales, my old chum! I didn't think I'd be fighting you. Hmm, moved up in the world, have we?
Skales::: If it isn't the Fangpyre. Of all the cold-blooded to creep up on us, I'm glad it is a friend.
Lloyd::: Wait, I thought you were enemies, not friends.
Fangtom::: We were at war. But seeing that Skales is now leading them, well, I don't see why we can't be comrades.
Skales::: Have you released the Constrictai, the Venomari, or heaven forbid the Anacondrai, then we would've had a tussle.
Lloyd::: A tussle? A tussle!? But I'm Lloyd Garmadon! Bringer of evil!
Skales::: Hehe. What should we do with him?
Fangtom::: I could turn him into one of us.
Skales::: Hmm, no, the little tyke is pretty useless.
Fangtom::: What if you hypnotize him and make him think he's a pig?
Skales::: That'd be pretty funny. 
Fangtom::: Hahaha! Can you imagine?
Zane::: ...with his fist on fire.
All::: Whoa.
Kai::: So I'm the Green Ninja.
Cole::: What are you talking about? He had incredible strength to lift that cargo and save his life. It's me.
Jay::: No, no. Did you miss the part of the story where the guy pulled out nunchucks? I have nunchucks!
Zane::: I think you're all missing the point of this dream. The point is the Falcon flew on his arm and it was my dream, so naturally it's me.
Jay::: I think we can cross Cole off the list. I could've lifted ten times—
Cole::: Whoa, cross me off the list? Anyone can hold nunchucks.
Wu:::Since you are not training, you must have already found the answer to my riddle. What is the best way to defeat your enemy?
Kai::: Uh, the best way to defeat your enemy is to...train, Sensei?
Wu::: Feeble and incorrect. Maybe more training will help you focus. Remember what happened to your vehicles when you lost focus. A razor-sharp weapon is an extension of a razor-sharp mind. 
Jay::: How am I supposed to focus when we don't know who the Green Ninja is?
Cole::: I don't want to be training all day. Let's work together on this riddle. We can figure it out.
Lloyd:::"Had you released the Constrictai, the Venomari, or heaven forbid the Anacondrai, then we would've had a tussle." Pfft.Aah!
Anacondrai::: My sincerest apologies, young man. Oh, dear, due to my unfortunate appearance, I tend to have an unsettling effect on people, heh. Oh, I believe you dropped this.Ah, there you go.
Lloyd::: Uh, thank you. Uh, what happened to the others?
Anacondrai::: Poor, unfortunate souls. All those years, locked away with nothing to eat. Must have slowly starved away until they were just scales and bones. And who may you be, my little appetize—Uh, I mean, friend?
Lloyd::: Lloyd Garmadon. Son of Lord Garmadon and future dark ruler.
Anacondrai::: Oh, hahahaha. How deliciously evil. If I had feet, ooh, I'd be trembling in my boots.
Lloyd::: And, uh, who are you?
Anacondrai::: Humbly, I am Pythor P. Chumsworth. And since you've freed me, I am eternally in your service.
Lloyd::: Really? You're not gonna trick me?
Pythor::: Oh, why would I trick you? I hardly have any friends.
Lloyd::: Whoa. I hardly have any friends too.
Pythor::: You don't say.
Lloyd::: Hey, how would you like to be my loyal henchman? I've been betrayed by the Hypnobrai and the Fangpyres, and I'm looking to get a little revenge on some ninja too.
Pythor:::Hmm, I love revenge! Oh, you know Floyd—
Lloyd::: It's Lloyd.
Pythor::: Whatever. I have a feeling this is the start of a beautiful friendship.
Cole::: Anyone got a solution to Sensei's riddle?
Jay::: It can't be that hard. What's the best way to defeat an enemy?
Kai::: Zane, you're smart. What is it?
Zane::: I do not know, but I sense that Sensei is going to keep us here if we don't work together and find an answer.
Cole::: That bothers me, because while we're here working, that means the enemy is playing.
Angered Villager::: Stop! Stop!
Ice Cream Salesman::: Hey, you can't do that!
Lloyd::: Wow. You're the best henchman a mastermind could ever have.
Pythor::: Oh, Lloyd. You're the best mastermind a henchman could ever have.Hmm, why is it that you have no friends?
Lloyd::: Well, I could've had friends back at my Boarding School for Bad Boys, but I decided to run away and never let them see me again. 
Pythor::: Really? Uh, why would you run away from making friends? Everybody needs friends, even tyrants.
Lloyd::: Well, uh, maybe I didn't run away. Maybe I uh, I got kicked out.
Pythor::: From the Boarding School for Bad Boys? I don't believe it. I hear they are the breeding ground for the truly despicable. And if you ask me, ho-ho, you are a handful.
Lloyd::: Well, thank you, Pythor, but they told me I wasn't bad enough. They said I lacked the amoral ambition to be one of tomorrow's masterminds.
Pythor::: Well, you'll show them.
Lloyd::: That's right. I will show them.
Pythor::: Then why don't we?
Lloyd::: Uh, why don't we what?
Pythor::: Let's get revenge on the very school that rejected you. And when the ninja come to the rescue, we'll have a trap laid out for them.
Lloyd::: A double revenge?
Pythor::: A double revenge. Get some rest. Hijacking an ice cream truck is a lot for anyone, and if you're going to rule the world, well, ho-ho-ho, you'll need to get your sleep. Oh, and one more thing.
Lloyd::: Yes?
Pythor::: I'll be your friend.
Lloyd:::Oh, Pythor. You're the best.
Wu::: Oh. You must have found the answer to what is the best way to defeat an enemy.
Cole::: We have, Sensei. It's—On three, guys. One, two...
All::: Teamwork!
Wu::: Is this what you all think?
Cole::: Yeah.
Jay:::Yes!
Kai:::Absolutely.
Wu::: Sadly, you are all wrong.
Cole::: Come on.
Kai::: 
Jay::: Aw, man.
Cole::: I'm starting to think whoever figures out this riddle can be the Green Ninja for all I care.
Jay::: What's that?
Kai::: Who cares? It's something else besides training. Break it down for me, sis.
Nya::: Lloyd and a Serpentine have overtaken Darkley's Boarding School for Bad Boys.
Jay::: That place is cesspool for the crooked and the misbehaved.
Cole::: Well, doesn't mean they don't need our help. Step on it.
Ninja::: Ninja, go!
Lloyd::: Hey, how are the booby traps?
Pythor::: Every door, window, and hole into this place are spring loaded.
Lloyd::: Ah, good. I'm sick and tired of those ninjas sneaking their way into my evil doings.
Zane::: Looks quiet down there. Should we infiltrate using stealth?
Kai::: Ah, we've done that. What about using our Golden Weapons that turn into our vehicles?
Cole::: I'm still working out the kinks on that. Anyone have any other good ideas?
Jay::: Hmm. Well, I have one idea, but you guys gotta trust me.
Kai::: Oh, I don't think I like the sound of this.
Pythor::: Relax, we've made the perfect trap. We're in broad daylight so there isn't any shadows. But even if they could get in—
Lloyd:::What's that?Oh, good. Yeah, good reflexes. I was just testing you. If I know these ninjas, they're cleverly sneaking their way right past us at this very moment.
Kai::: Jay, I don't know about this.
Jay::: Just hold on tight! 
Cole::: Okay, let's agree to never do that again.Stay out of school, kids. Well, well, well. Kruncha and Nuckal. Substitute teachers, eh? If we cut you down, we better not catch you hang around Ninjago again. Or else. 
Kai:::He's on the top floor. Let's get him.
Ninja::: Ninja, go!
Kai::: Ugh!
Zane::: I can't move.
Cole::: Prepare to eat dust.He's got a Serpentine with him. Watch out for booby traps!
Jay::: Ah, that's one big snake.
Lloyd:::They're coming. They're coming. They're coming! 
Jay::: Shocked to see me?
Lloyd::: Do something!Wh-what are you doing? I thought you were my friend.
Pythor::: All you wanted was to make the Serpentine your slave. Well, sorry, my dear boy, I have other plans. 
Lloyd::: 
Wu::: Lloyd Montgomery Garmadon, you come here right now.
Jay::: I got him. 
Lloyd::: Whoa! Hey, let me go!
Cole::: What should we do with him? Wash his mouth out with soap for a year?
Kai::: Ground him indefinitely?
Zane::: Have him sit in a corner for a century?
Wu::: I know exactly what we must do.
Wu::: "And that is why Jack the Rabbit never trusts a snake. The end."
Lloyd::: Oh, if my dad had read me that book, I would never have made that mistake. I'm sorry, uncle.
Wu::: Oh, you do not need to apologize. I am sure that if your father was still here, it would be the first book he'd read. Good night, nephew. Sweet dreams.
Lloyd::: Ah, good night, uncle.
Kai::: I don't get it, Sensei.
Jay::: Why isn't the little brat getting punished?
Cole::: Yeah, we had to train all day and he gets read a bedtime story? It's not fair.
Wu::: Hmm, you're right, I nearly forgot. Why are you not still training? Did you find the answer to the riddle?
Kai:::No, Sensei. We still don't know what the best way to defeat your enemy is. 
Wu::: It is to make them your friend.
Ninja::: Oh.
Jay:::Of course.
Kai:::Yeah.
