Wu::: In the days of my father, the lands of the Serpentine. And the Serpentine were forbidden to enter the lands of men.
Past Wu::: I'm tired of the lake. I don't wanna go swimming today.
Past Garmadon::: What do you wanna do?
Past Wu::: I wanna go that way. 
Past Garmadon::: That's the Serpentine Valley, Wu. We're not allowed there. Father promised King Mambo, remember?
Past Wu::: Nobody will ever know. We'll just take a quick look and come right back. Come on. Don't you want to see the Serpentine? Are you even a little curious? Hmm?Wow!
Past Garmadon::: Okay, now you've seen it. Let's go before someone—
Past Mambo V:::You…are the children of the First Spinjitzu Master?
Past Garmadon::: Yes, sir.
Past Wu::: We're sorry! We-
Past Mambo V::: Silence!You have recklessly endangered a peace between humans and Serpentine that has existed for millennia. Your foolishness has put me in...a difficult position.
Past Mambo's advisor::: They are the children of the First Spinjitzu Master, Sire. We must proceed cautiously.
Past Mambo V::: Put them in a cell for a night. Let them think on their foolishness.
Past Mambo's advisor::: Very wise!
Past Garmadon::: I can't believe this! This is all your fault! I'm gonna tell Father everything.
Past Wu::: You wanted to go too, remember? I asked you and you said—
Past Garmadon::: I said no! N.O. I said we shouldn't, but you wouldn't—huh?
Past Aspheera::: Is it true? You are the children of the First Spinjitzu Master?
Past Wu::: Who-who are you?
Past Garmadon::: What do you want from us?
Past Aspheera::: I am called Aspheera. I'm training to be a sorceress in service to the king. Tell me, do you truly know the secrets of Spinjitzu?For a price, perhaps I could help you. I could open this door. I know several spells already. One of them will bend steel.
Past Wu::: What price?
Past Garmadon::: We don't have any money.
Past Aspheera::: I do not speak of coin. I ask only for friendship. Who says serpents and humans can't be friends? And between friends, there must be trust, sharing. You must share the secrets of Spinjitzu with me.
Past Garmadon::: Deal! Let us out!
Past Aspheera:::You too. I wish to hear you say the words. Promise me.
Past Wu::: Uh...I promise.
Wu ::: So Aspheera freed us and we ran back home.
Past First Spinjitzu Master::: And where have you two been?
Past Garmadon::: At the lake! Wu caught a fish, but it broke the line and we spent the rest of the day trying to re-catch it.
Past First Spinjitzu Master::: Is that so?
Past Wu::: W-What are you working on, Father?
Past First Spinjitzu Master:::Oh, uh, something new.
Past Wu:::"The Art of Forbidden Spinjitzu."
Past Garmadon::: Forbidden Spinjitzu?! Are those for us?
Past First Spinjitzu Master::: No. They are far too powerful.
Past Wu and Garmadon::: Aww.
Past First Spinjitzu Master::: Now off to bed, both of you. Go. Go.
Wu ::: That night, I could not sleep. I was troubled by the promise I had made. A promise Garmadon had no intention of keeping. But one which I felt I must.I returned the next day to fulfill my promise, but I exacted a promise from her in return.
Past Aspheera::: What promise?
Past Wu::: You must vow that you will never Spinjitzu for evil.
Wu ::: She gave her word and I trusted her.Much to my regret. In the days and weeks that followed, I taught her the secret of Spinjitzu.
Past Garmadon::: Where have you been?
Past Wu::: N-Nowhere.
Past Garmadon::: Don't lie to me! I saw you! You were with that snake! You were teaching her Spinjitzu.
Past Wu::: I had to, Garmadon. We promised.
Past Garmadon::: You can't trust her. She's a slimy snake. 
Past Wu::: Don't call her that!Ah! You...you hurt me!
Wu ::: For weeks, we barely said a word to each other.
Past Wu::: What happened?!
Past villager::: King Mambo's been overthrown by a Serpentine queen who knows Spinjitzu!She's marching on our lands! 
Second past villager::: You better clear out while you can.
Past Wu::: I...need your help.
Past Garmadon::: What is it?
Wu ::: I told Garmadon what had happened and we put aside our anger. Together, we hoped to undo what we had done. But it meant disobeying my father a second time. 
Past Wu::: There! The Forbidden Scrolls!
Wu ::: The scrolls gave us powers we have never felt before. It felt as if...we had reached our True Potentialin an instance. It was a wonderful feeling. And a terrible one. 
Past Aspheera:::Mambo V has failed you! The truce was broken. And what did he do? Nothing! He is weak. Weak! But I am not. Behold, the power of Spinjitzu!Once my rule over Ninjago is complete, I think I shall rename it, after myself. 
Past Char::: "Asphago?"
Past Aspheera::: "Aspheera," you fool!
Past Char::: Ah! "Aspheera." Much better.Mhmm!
Past Wu::: That's a terrible name!
Past Aspheera::: You!
Past Wu::: You broke your promise! You swore never to use Spinjitzu for evil!
Past Aspheera::: Is it evil to be strong?To show ambition? To push aside the weak and seize control?Oh, Wu. You have much to learn about the ways of the world.
Past Wu::: I learned something from you. Never to trust a snake.
Past Aspheera::: Guards!
Past Garmadon::: I'll handle these guys. You take care of her.
Past Aspheera::: 'Take care of me' if you can.Now that I know all of your secrets!
Past Wu::: You don't know all of them! 
Past Aspheera::: Ahh!
Past Aspheera::: You deceived me! You promised to teach me Spinjitzu, but this...I have never seen!
Past Wu::: I didn't deceive you, I just didn't show you everything!
Past Aspheera::: Ahh! Oof.
Past Aspheera::: I yield! I yield! 
Past Wu ::: And so Aspheera was defeated. The power of the scroll was too much, even for her sorcery.King Mambo was restored to his rightful throne.And the peace was kept. As for Aspheera...
Past Aspheera::: Help me, Wu, please! As I helped you!
Past Wu::: King Mambo has decided your punishment. You are to be entombed, magically. Until such time as your sins are forgotten.
Past Aspheera::: Wu, I beg of you, release me!
Past Wu::: You would've brought war and suffering to all Ninjago.
Past Aspheera::: I spared you and your brother! I ask only the same!
Past Wu:::Ugh. 
Past Aspheera::: Release me! I saved you and you betray me?! You abandon me?! You-you......treacherous dog! You deceiver!You will pay for this, Wu! DO YOU HEAR ME?! IF IT TAKES A THOUSAND YEARS!I WILL HAVE MY REVENGE! 
