Kai::: We all know the prophecy backwards and forwards, and I don't remember it saying anything about a maze.
Cole::: And definitely no mention of an ominous red glow.
Nya::: That's not part of the puzzle. That's the code trying to take control of Zane. If it reaches his core systems, we could lose Zane forever.
Kai::: These symbols weren't here before.
Nya::: They appeared when you reviewed the prophecy.
Cole::: They match the writing from the scroll.
Zane::: The language of our ancestors. Allow me to translate. 
Jay::: Oh, great. Now he's doing that.
Zane::: I am functioning pe-pe-perfectly well.
Kai::: Let's solve this puzzle while there's still something left of Zane to save.
Cole::: We know that the Green Ninja prophecy was originally written thousands of years ago by scholars in the Cloud Kingdom.
Kai::: We only found the prophecy because I took Master Wu's bag by mistake.
Past Jay::: What is it?
Past Kai::: It's a scroll, windbag.
Jay::: Hey, I can move the ball! Aw, but it only as far as the words.
Cole::: So the more we remember about the Green Ninja, the further we can get in the maze.
Nya::: You should start with the first potential Green Ninja, Morro.
Past Wu::: Morro was the perfect student. He was a descendant of an Elemental Master. I thought perhaps he would wear green.
Kai::: When the Golden Weapons didn't react to Morro, he turned his back on Master Wu and his training.
Past Wu::: I'm sorry, destiny has spoken.
Kai::: The Golden Weapons only react to the real Green Ninja.
Past Wu::: Lloyd is the Green Ninja.
Jay::: Oh, no. There's more paths? How am I supposed to know which way to go?
Cole::: That's what makes it a maze.
Jay::: Now more walls? This maze is cheating!
Kai::: Nya, could this Fire wall be a form of the corruption?
Nya::: I don't think so. I believe that's part of the design. If the paths retell the prophecy, maybe the wall has something to do with the Green Ninja that isn't in the prophecy.
Kai::: Like Zane's vision.
Past Zane::: The Green Ninja. The legend's true. Who are you?
Kai::: Cloud Kingdom scholars probably didn't predict how much I wanted to be the Green Ninja.
Past Kai::: Maybe if I stand up to Lord Garmadon, I'll find my True Potential and then everyone can see I'm the Green Ninja!
Cole::: We all thought we'd be the one.
Kai::: Not all of us dressed up like him, though.
Past Kai::: Fire! Unlock Fire! Uh, Fire go!
Past Cole::: Perhaps if you tried the phrase "Fire dork" maybe it might work.
Kai::: That desire held me back.
Past Kai::: I wanted to prove I was good enough to become the Green Ninja. But then I figured it out.
Past Lloyd::: Help me!
Past Kai::: All of my training wasn't in preparation to become the Green Ninja. It was...to protect him. Come on. Let's get out of here.
Kai::: All of us played a part in the prophecy, even if we weren't wearing green.
Past Jay::: It's Kai! He's found his True Potential!
Cole:::Yeah! Kai's memory broke down the wall.
Zane::: But why? Why was that memory so special?
Kai::: We need to fill in more of the prophecy. What's next?
Cole::: The part that Lloyd hated the most.
Past Kai::: That's what the prophecy said. That the Green Ninja would defeat the Dark Lord.
Past Lloyd::: Am I really gonna have to fight my father one day?
Past Wu::: The final battle between good and evil has all but begun.
Kai::: Looks like another wall.
Jay::: Let me try.
Past Jay::: Hey, open the window! Let me in!
Jay::: Well, that didn't work.
Kai::: The last wall was Fire. This one is Earth. I think Cole needs to do it.
Cole::: Let's see, in Kai's memory, he unlocked his True Potential. I unlocked mine at the talent show.
Past Cole::: There's something I've been wanting to tell you. Dad...I'm a ninja.
Cole::: It was Lloyd's destiny to fight his father. Mine was to reconnect with my dad and find my inner strength.
Past Cole::: Dad!
Past Zane::: Cole's found his True Potential. His relationship with his father must have been holding him back.
Jay::: Aw, man. Why is this puzzle about the Green Ninja really a puzzle about us?
Kai::: Because the prophecy affected all of us. Master Wu may have found us, but Lloyd made us a team.
Past ninja::: Go, Ninja. Go!
Past Lloyd::: Go, go, go! There's more than one way to stop a snake.
Past ninja::: Ninja, go!
Nya::: That's why there are walls for each of you. The Ninjigma wants you to complete the maze together.
Kai::: Why would an enemy design the Ninjigma like that?
Nya::: I don't think it was an enemy. I think it was Zane.
Jay::: So Zane wants me to think about the first time Nya kissed me.
Nya::: Eh, that's not exactly right.
Past Nya::: Jay, I want you to know that I like you best when you're you.
Nya::: The kiss cured you of venom, but it wasn't until you stopped pretending to be someone else that you found your inner power.
Past Nya::: What's happening?
Past Jay::: My True Potential.
Kai::: Just like how Lloyd had to stop pretending to be a villain before he could become a hero.
Past Lloyd::: It is I!
Past Jay::: Lloyd Garmadon? I thought we were gonna face Lord Garmadon.
Past Cole::: It's his son. Looks like he escaped his boarding school for bad boys again.
Past Lloyd::: I am Lloyd Garmadon. Evil son of the super evil Lord Garmadon. Ugh, alright you win. I'm good. But guess what? All of you have a secret good side that stays quiet out of fear, because it thinks it's alone, but it's not. And I'm living proof.
Kai::: So the walls are what held each of us back from our True Potential.
Cole::: And helped us understand everything Lloyd went through to become the Green Ninja.
Jay::: Well, that just leaves Zane.
Nya::: Bad news. Zane's memory is almost completely wiped.
Zane::: I remember. I-I-I—
Past Zane::: What's so f-f-funny? It's pink! My funny switch wasn't on. Funny-funny-funny-funny-funny-funny. My funny switch wasn't on.
Jay::: Real helpful, Zane.
Cole::: Look, we were all there when Zane reached his True Potential. It was when his memories were restored, and he found out he was a Nindroid.
Zane::: To be more precise, I unlocked my True Potential when I realized our differences do not push us apart. They hold us together.
Past Cole::: Zane's unlocked his True Potential.
Zane::: L-L-Lloyd was an outsider, then he was chosen, but always one of us. Always part of the t-t-t-team.
Cole::: We're lucky Zane still had access to that particular memory.
Jay::: Water? Why is it never easy?
Nya::: I told you this puzzle was meant for all of us.
Cole::: But Nya can't digitize herself, can she?
Jay::: Maybe you can just tell us your Lloyd memory, and we can all think about it real hard.
Nya::: Don't worry. I still have a few tricks up my sleeve. Every memory you recreate, ever emotion you feel. Zane sees all of it as code. I just need to translate my emotions into a language he can understand.
Past Cole::: Nya.
Nya::: Wu taught me that it was okay to fail.
Past Kai::: She's unlocked her True Potential!
Nya::: Only then did I understand that success was a choice. How many times did Lloyd hear that he was destined to save Ninjago?
Past Lloyd::: I...won't...give...up.
Nya::: Prophecy may have chosen the identity of the Green Ninja, but Lloyd chose to become him.
Jay::: Haha! You did it, Nya!
Kai::: But now what are we gonna do? I'm guessing that green Energy wall means we can't solve the puzzle without Lloyd.
Cole::: Or save Zane.
Jay::: Or save ourselves!
Past Overlord::: It's over.
Past Lloyd::: A ninja never quits.
Nya::: Every day, we choose to stand up to evil. Some days, we fall down. Everyone, today is not a day we fall down. 
Lloyd::: What just happened?
All except Nya and Lloyd::: Lloyd!
Nya::: I told you I have a few tricks up my sleeve. Unfortunately, it took every last bit of juice I had left to get him in.
Lloyd::: Sorry I'm late, guys.
Jay::: That doesn't matter! Quick, what makes you the Green Ninja? I mean, other than destiny.
Lloyd::: Easy, I used to be nothing but trouble, but then I met you guys. You took me in, you showed me the importance of being brave, the importance of being strong, and most importantly, being good.
Past Lloyd::: Master Wu still hasn't recovered.
Past Kai::: Oh, great. All this and now we have no leader, either?
Past Lloyd::: The um, logical successor would be, uh—
Past Cole::: The Green Ninja.
Past Lloyd::: Correct. I'm no leader. All I do is make mistakes.
Past Misako::: The true measure of a leader is not whether he makes mistakes. It is whether he learns from them.
Past Lloyd::: I'm supposed to be fighting alongside my friends.
Past Misako::: Yes. Even if they aren't ready to follow you yet, they will be.
Past Cole::: We don't have a master anymore?
Past Jay::: Yes we do. You, Lloyd.
Past Lloyd::: But—
Past Kai::: Master Lloyd.
Past Lloyd::: Master...Lloyd.
Lloyd::: Our power comes from no one being more important than the other. It's working!
Jay::: Haha! We did it. We beat the Ninjigma. Haha! What did we win?
Zane::: Accessing a new memory.
Cole::: What is that?
Overlord::: FInally, freedom. Thank you for unlocking me from my prison. In return, I think I will destroy you.
Nya::: Those eyes. I'd recognize them anywhere.
Lloyd::: Oh, no!
Zane::: It's the Overlord.
