Ray::: How was that? Your old man stillstill has awesome moves.
Kai::: Real great, Dad. But we're just sparring for Master Wu's little research project, so, don't hurt yourself, okay?
Wu::: It's a valuable opportunity, to study the effect of elemental powers on a former master. But, sparring isn't what I had in mind. Uh, Kai, would you kindly direct a burst of fire at Ray?
Ray::: Uh, what now? 
Cole::: Master Wu!
Wu::: What is it, Cole?
Cole::: Nya and the others are back at the Island of the Keepers. The Storm Amulet's at the Explorer's Club!
Wu::: The Explorer's Club? How is that possible?
Kai::: Who would possibly be foolish enough to do that?
Clutch::: I, Clutch Powers, am proud to present to you, the fabled Storm Amulet of Wojira! Which I am generously donating to the club's permanent collection along with these images of the expedition. 
Percy Shippelton::: Why are these slides so ... cartoonish?
Clutch::: What? Oh, you mean why are they detailed illustrations instead of photographs? Well, that is due to the, uh, loss of my camera, which fell overboard during our daring escape.
Smythe::: A reasonable explanation. Continue.
Clutch::: Oh, now this image depicts me single-handedly conquering a beast of the sea, while my fearful companions were rendered helpless.
Percy::: Ah, yes, jolly good show.
Smythe::: Oh, I dare say. This sojourn might qualify you for thee coveted Explorer of the Year reward.
Clutch::: Explorer of the Year? No, II'm not familiar with the title. Heh, nor have I dreamed about winning it every single day of my adult life. But if you insist on nominating me ...
Underhill::: Something would have to go dreadfully wrong for us not to.
Nya::: Kalmaar's right. This is my fault.
Maya::: Don't give up, Nya. Zane will get the controls fixed. There's hope.
Zane::: There is no hope. I've assessed the damage and it is beyond repair.
Jay::: Which means we're stranded.
Benthomaar::: Can you not use your Elemental Powers to summon the whales? They could easily pull this vessel behind them.
Nya::: Summon whales? No, I can't do that.
Benthomaar::: But you are named Nya.
Nya::: Yeah?
Benthomaar::: The first Elemental Master of Water. Nyad. Surely you know the tale of Nyad.
Maya::: I told you this. Don't you remember? When you were a little girl? The story of Nyad and the whales. She rode upon their backs. We named you after her. But, it's just a children's story, Bentho.
Benthomaar::: It's true. Nyad helped defeat the serpent Wojira. She leapt onto the serpent's head with nothing but a broken trident.
Nya::: Benthomaar, I can't summon whales. I can only control water, and right now, not even that.
Maya::: She's right. I was the Elemental Master of Water before her. I would know if something like that was possible.
Benthomaar::: Have you ever tried?
Nya::: Well, no?
Benthomaar::: Then, how do you know?
Nya::: Oh. Hi, guys. What do I do now?
Maya::: Whatever you're doing, it's working. Try again!
Jay::: Be careful not to call any piranha. Ooh, or sharks. Or, or blowfish. Or fire sharks, or glass snails. 
Cecil::: Oh. Misako. You're alive. What a pleasant surprise. How may I help you?
Misako::: We need to see Clutch Powers.
Cecil::: Certainly. Your membership card?
Misako::: You know full well you revoked it, Cecil.
Cecil::: Ah, yes. Terribly sorry. I shall immediately begin the years-long reactivation process. In the meantime, however, I'm afraid I must deny entry. This club is for members only.
Wu::: This is an emergency! Clutch Powers is in possession of a dangerous artifact.
Cecil::: Sir, there are a good number of very dangerous artifacts in this establishment. Our collection is filled with them.
Wu::: You're okay with that?
Cecil::: The members of the Explorer's Club laugh in the face of danger. Like so: "Ha! Ha! Ha!" "Ho, ho, ho!" is also accepted.
Misako::: It's true, that was part of the test.
Cecil::: Might I recommend that this charming conversation would be most comfortably continued outside?
Kai::: Look, you pencil-pushing 
Misako::: Cecil. There is one way that non-members can be permitted. A Trial By Sphinx.
Cecil::: No one has invoked a Trial By Sphinx for decades! Not since the incident with Lord Belgrave. Whew, that was a mess.
Cole::: What happened to Lord Belgrave?
Misako::: Consider it invoked.
Cecil::: Be the consequences on your own head. Disgraced former members may not participate. The rest of you have a combined total of three guesses. If you fail, the results will be ... untidy.
Cole::: What is happening here?
Ray::: Good luck, son! 
Wu::: Ask your riddle.
Sphinx statue::: Give me food, and I will live. Give me water, and I will die. Who am I?
Cole::: I know, cake! 
Wu::: Cake?
Cole::: Cake's usually the answer to everything!
Wu::: No! Discipline is usually the answer to everything.
Sphinx statue::: Two guesses left.
Wu::: Discipline.
Sphinx statue::: Wrong!One guess left.
Kai::: Food, live. Water, die. It's fire. You're fire!
Sphinx statue::: Correct. 
Cecil::: Oh, rather poor showing on the Sphinx's part, eh? You may pass.
Clutch::: And that's when I saved the lives of the ninja, and all the inhabitants of the island, who, of course, insisted on crowning me theirOh, hey, guys! I was just talking about you.
Cole::: Save it, Clutch! Where's the amulet?
Clutch::: What amulet?
Kalmaar::: Give me the amulet, or be destroyed!
Clutch::: Oh, you mean this amulet? Heh, it's all yours. 
Smythe::: Oh, a shameful display.
Percy::: No backbone.
Underhill::: You can forget the Explorer of the Year award. Nomination revoked!
Kalmaar::: You. Old man. Bring me that.
Wu::: Come and get it.
Kai:::Don't worry, I'll protect you.
Percy::: Oh, what gump. We are members of the Explorer's Club. We laugh in the face of danger! Ha, ha, ha! Tally ho! 
Underhill::: You will rue the day you ruffians stormed our club. Ho, ho, ho! 
Smythe::: You'll receive no quarter here! 
Wu::: I don't know who you are, but you'll regret this.
Kalmaar::: I am King Kalmaar! I am your conqueror!
Wu::: Conquer that! Your invasion will be short-lived! Once the rest of our friends arrive, our combined forces will 
Kalmaar::: Your friends won't be coming back. I made certain of that!
Jay::: How's it going? Almost done?
Nya::: No, Jay. There's just a lot of little fish, and they're too small to pull this sub, and we're stuck here, and it's all my fault.
Jay::: It isn't your fault, Nya!
Nya::: How is it not my fault? If I hadn't come along, Calamari would have never found this place.The amulet would still be safe, and 
Jay::: Nya, look! 
Nya::: Yes!
Lloyd::: All right!
Maya::: You did it, Nya! You did it!
Lloyd::: I think you've found our way off this island.
Jay::: Ninjago City, here we come!
