four elemental weapons. But when he passed, a dark presence sought out to collect them all::: Lord Garmadon. So I, Sensei Wu, his brother, sought out to find four ninja to collect them first.
Kai:::Fire strike! Oh, my gosh, is that the greatest move you've ever seen?
Cole:::Stop trying to do it yourself. We need to attack as a team.
Jay:::Zane, why are you wasting your special attack on me? You have to save it.
Jay::: Fantastic, I'm out of lives
Zane::: But the lesson lives on, and I am getting the hang of it. Hee-yah!
Cole::: Okay, now!
Ninja::: Aw...
Cole::: Aw, man!
Jay::: What? What happened?
Cole::: It took us three hours to get there!
Jay::: Why would you do that? Why?
Wu::: Just because Lord Garmadon escaped through a vortex doesn't mean he won't return one day for the Golden Weapons of Spinjitzu
Zane::: But Sensei Wu, ever since he's been gone, Ninjago has had nothing but peace
Jay::: Yeah, peace is boring. There's no one to save. There's nothing to do
Cole::: We can train tomorrow
Wu::: Never put off until tomorrow what can be done today
Cole::: Well, I was gonna eat this pizza tomorrow, so if that's the case...
Cole::: Ow!
Wu::: No pizza for you! In order to reach your full potential, you must train
Kai::: Uh, remember when we did a little thing called the Tornado of Creation? I thought that was pretty insane.
Wu::: Oh. You four have merely scratched the surface of your full potential. There are still so many secrets you have yet to unlock. You haven't even begun to tap into what powers your golden weapons hold.
Cole::: You wanna talk secret powers? Check this out.
Zane::: Don't worry, master. We will be ready when Lord Garmadon returns. 
Nya::: Guys, Lord Garmadon, he's returned! He was spotted approaching Jamanakai Village
Jay::: Uh, th-thanks, uh
Nya::: Hurry!
Jay::: Okay!
Nya::: Uh, can I help?
Kai::: Sorry, sis, where we go, danger abounds. This is a job for the ninja.
Kai::: Uh...Uh, a little help? Heh-heg
Cole::: Yeah!
Nya::: Will they ever reach their full potential?
Wu::: In time. Maybe a long time, but in time.
Cole::: Just like old times, eh, Rocky?
Kai::: You guys believe what Sensei said about unlocking our full potential?
Jay::: He may be onto something. I mean since we got these golden weapons, it's not like we ever had to use them. I wonder what they do.
Zane::: I, for one, look forward to the future. If there is more for us to accomplish, let it be.
Cole::: Don't know about you, but is anyone else a little excited about battling Lord Garmadon? I've been looking forward to trying out some new Spinjitzu moves. Could be the perfect opportunity.
Jay::: Ha-ha! Race you there?
Kai:::Jamanakai Village. First ninja there wins.
Kai::: Ha-ha! I was first!
Jay::: No! No one was faster than me!
Cole::: Ha-ha-ha! My feet were down before yours!
Zane::: You were all disillusioned! It was clearly me!
Kai::: Stay sharp, fellas. Whatever happens, never let your guard down.
Boy:::It is I, Lloyd Garmadon! I demand all the candy in town, or else!
Jay::: Lloyd Garmadon? I thought we were gonna face Lord Garmadon.
Cole::: It's his son.
Cole::: Looks like he escaped his boarding school for bad boys again. And to think we could've been doing Spinjitzu already.
Lloyd::: Er... er... gimmie your candy or I'll release the Serpentine on you!
Lloyd::: No way! I asked for candy, not vegetables! I hate vegetables! 
Kai::: He's gonna have to do a lot better than use an old bedtime story to scare people.
Zane::: The Serpentine are real, Kai. They're not something to joke about.
Kai::: Serpentine? Real? We're talking about the ancient race of snake people who once ruled Ninjago and were supposedly locked underground.
Jay:::Sealed in five different tombs to separate the warring tribes and ensure they don't unify to exact their revenge upon those who put them there.
Kai::: It was an old wive's tale to teach kids not to poke their noses where they don't belong. Don't you think it's a little suspicious no one's ever found one of their tombs?
Cole::: Well that's because you'd be a fool to look for one. If there was anything I hated more than dragons, it was snakes. Rubber or not.Don't worry, folks, we'll take care of this. Nothing to see here.
Lloyd::: Bow down to me or suffer my wrath! I'll give you to the count of three! One! Two!
Kai::: What are we supposed to do? Spank him?
Lloyd::: Two and a half!
Lloyd:::You just made me your nemesis! Mark my words, you'll pay for this!
Cole::: Next time, try paying for your candy.
Kai::: Crime doesn't pay, muchacho. You can take that to the bank.
Jay:::Mmm... cotton candy.
Kai::: Huh? I don't remember putting this here.
Zane::: That Sensei's bag. You must've accidentally taken it in the rush.
Jay::: What is it?
Kai::: It's a scroll, windbag.
Jay::: I know it's a scroll, but what does it say? It's written in chicken scratch.
Zane::: Not chicken scratch. The ancient language of our ancestors.
Kai::: Uh, can you read it?
Zane::: Well, I can try. This symbol means "prophecy".
Jay::: Prophecy?
Kai::: It means it tells the future.
Jay::: Of course. Ha-ha. I knew that.
Zane::: "One ninja will rise above the others and becomes the Green Ninja, the ninja destined to defeat the Dark Lord".
Jay:::Oh, look, a picture!
Kai::: Dark Lord? Hold on... you think they mean Lord Garmadon? Wait a minute! Is that us? Is anyone else thinking what I'm thinking?
Jay::: Like how good I'm gonna look in green? Ha.
Kai::: Isn't it obvious I'm gonna be the Green Ninja?
Jay::: The color obviously suits me!
Zane::: Technically, I am the best.
Cole::: Everyone, stop it! Remember why Sensei brought us together in the first place. We're a team. We weren't meant to see this and probably for good reason. Come on, let's head back home. We have training to do.
Jay::: It's about time I added some finesse to my routine.
Zane::: Well, I could use some exercise.
Cole::: Yeah. I gotta work on some new moves.
Kai:::Could I be the Green Ninja?
Lloyd::: Stupid ninja. I'll show them who they're dealing with.
Lloyd::: What is this?
Lloyd::: Hey, what is—
Lloyd:::No. I will control you from now on.
Slithraa::: What shall you have us do, Master?
Lloyd:::Us?
Lloyd::: My own army of snakes! 
Jay::: So then we all agree. The prophecy states that one of us will become the Green Ninja and the issue will not rest until it is decided.
Zane::: May I suggest a tournament? Last ninja standing is the best.
Kai::: And will be declared the Green Ninja! I love it!
Jay:::Hey, Nya. Closer to beating your brother's speed record?
Nya::: I'm getting there. Heard what happened in town. Just a false alarm?
Kai::: Yeah. Uh, but we're gonna need the space. Sorry, sis.
Cole::: Two matches. Then the winners of each face off for the title. Armors for our own protection. It's time to see what these babies can do.
Kai::: Hey, Nya. Wanna stay and watch me mop the floor with them?
Nya::: No, thanks. I think I'll just visit Jamanakai Village. Knock yourselves out.
Cole::: Alright! First up: Kai versus Jay! Ninja, go! 
Kai::: Next up: Cole versus Zane! Ninja, go!
Jay:::For the prize and the title of best ninja...blah blah...ninja, go.
Cole::: Yes!
Kai::: It's too h-hot!
Zane::: It's burning!
Jay::: Fire!
Wu:::What were you thinking?!
Jay::: Uh, we were tryna figure out who is the Green Ninja.Ow! Did I say Green Ninja? No, sorry.What I-what I said was lean.
Wu::: You were not supposed to see this.
Kai::: But Sensei, we wanna know. Which one of us is the chosen one?
Wu::: None of you if you don't unlock your full potential.
Kai::: But my sword. It was so bright. Is this what you meant by unlocking our Golden Weapons?
Wu::: You are only at the beginning. And the road is long and winding, but yes, this is what I meant. If this is what it must take for you to train, then so be it. But none of you are near the level of what it takes to be the Green Ninja.
Nya::: What now?
Lloyd::: Take the candy! Take it all! 
Skales::: This makes no sense, General. Raiding an entire town for sweets?
Slithraa::: You will do as I command because I hold the staff!
Wu::: The Serpentine are back! Everyone in Jamanakai Village is in danger!
Cole::: Calm down, Sensei. We were just there. It was some kid who says he—
Wu::: The spirit smoke does not lie! An ancient evil has been released!
Kai::: Nya's there right now.
Jay::: Nya?
Kai::: Stay close. Stay together.
Cole::: Would we do it any other way?
Lloyd::: I'm never coming down from this sugar ride! Woo-hoo! 
Cole::: Sorry to bust your buzz, little Garmadon.
Jay::: But it's already past your bedtime.
Lloyd::: Get them!
Slithraa:::Seize them!
Kai:::The Serpentine? They're real?
Cole::: It's not just them we have to worry about, the whole village has been hypnotized.
Zane::: No! Our weapons are too unstable. We can do more harm than good.
Jay::: I guess that leaves us with run!
Jay::: Huh, Nya. You're okay.
Nya::: Barely. They've hypnotized everyone in town.
Jay::: Mind control. How is this possible?
Nya::: When you hear them rattle their tails, don't look them in the eyes. That's how they get you.
Jay::: Well, what are we supposed to do? We can't use our weapons, and now we gotta fight with our eyes closed? Ha, perfect.
Nya::: The snake with the staff is the General. He's the one in charge. If we can get the staff from him, it holds the anti-venom. If we get that, we can save everyone.
Kai::: Look, guys. Forget about the whole Green Ninja thing. Let's make Sensei proud. The four of us. We're a team.
Cole::: Now you're talking.
Jay::: Oh. And Nya, you can be our honorary member.
Nya:::Gee, thanks.
Kai::: You wanna play? How about a little Spinjitzu? Ninja, go! 
Jay::: Okay, we're really out of shape.
Lloyd:::Ha! Consider this a warning, ninja! 
Zane::: Ninja, go! 
Lloyd::: My candy!
Zane::: Sensei was right. Never put off until tomorrow what can be done today. We should've dealt with you the first time around.
Lloyd:::Retreat!
Slithraa::: Retreat!
Cole::: Go ahead. Give me a reason.
Skales::: Look into my eyes. I control you.
Cole::: You control...
Nya::: Cole!You have the anti-venom!
Cole::: By golly, you're right!
Nya::: Quick, the fountain!
Cole::: Good idea.
Kai::: We're sorry, Sensei. If we dealt with Lloyd before he became a problem, none of this would've been necessary.
Wu::: Even lessons learned the hard way are lessons learned. Mmm... a great evil has been released. I fear troubling times will come. This is only the beginning.
Zane::: Then we will train and be ready for the Serpentine. It may not be Lord Garmadon, but that doesn't mean we won't bring our A-game.
Kai::: Help us train. Help us realize our potential.
Jay::: Yeah. Teach us the secrets behind the weapons of Spinjitzu.
Wu::: Hmm... there is much to teach. We must return to the Monastery.
Nya:::When am I gonna get my own dragon?
Wu::: Patience, Nya. Your time will come.
Lloyd::: Uh... candy. I need candy.
Slithraa::: The boy set us free.
Skales::: He is a child. He is not one of us.
Slithraa::: I may not have the staff, but I'm still your General! Stand down!
Mezmo::: You coward! We all know he's under Lloyd's spell. You're second-in-command and still you do nothing?
Skales::: Now was not the time. I still hold the key to destroy the ninja. And when I do that, everyone will see it is I who should be in control. 
