Fred Finely::: Fred Finely here, five-time award winning reporter in downtown Ninjago City to report an inclement weather pattern: Fireballs falling from the sky. And these aren't ordinary fireballs. These flaming spheres transform into fire snakes.
Dan Vaapit::: Did you say fireballs that turn into fire snakes?
Fred Finely::: I did, Dan. And as I'm sure you can hear the terrified, shrieking screams of the citizens of Ninjago behind me, the burning question on everyone's mind is: where are the ninja? Not a single one of our sworn protectors has shown their face in this dire time. Why have the "heroes" of Ninjago chosen to abandon us in our hour of need? Back to you, Dan.
Dan Vaapit::: A topical report, Fred, and somewhat concerning. We'll be sure to check back on the destruction of our city, but first, something less important. Our ever-reliable Gayle Gossip is reporting from this year's puppy-petting competition at Fur Mart. Gayle?
Gayle Gossip::: Why do they always give the breaking news reports to that blowhard Fred? I'm twice the reporter he is. Just because he bleached his teeth, they think—
Vinny::: Uh, Gayle—
Gayle Gossip::: Don't defend him, Vinny. He's a conniving weasel, not a reporter.
Vinny::: Gayle—
Gayle Gossip::: Can I tell you another thing?
Vinny::: Gayle, you're live!
Gayle Gossip::: What's more fun than puppies? Petting puppies. This is Gayle Gossip here at one of Ninjago City's most charming annual events, Fur Mart's annual puppy petting competition!
Gayle Gossip::: Holy smoke, tell me you got that!
Vinny::: I got it, I got it!
Gayle Gossip::: There's been an unexpected interruption. The Fur Mart just had been attacked by what appear to be flaming snakes.
Vinny::: Gayle, we need to go!
Gayle Gossip::: Yes, we do, after those snakes! That's where the real story is.
Dan Vaapit::: We, uh, seem to be having some technical difficulties. Let's take this opportunity for a commercial break. We'll be back after these messages.
Smith Daryll::: Leave right now! Immediately! These deals won't last forever!
Commercial Song::: Smith Daryll's Used Cars!
Sunblock Man::: Don't you think we should probably go inside? The fiery glow from these fireballs is really going to burn our skin.
Sunblock Woman::: Not my skin.I came prepared with my Fireblock SPF-3000 !
Sunblock Man::: Wow, does it really work?
Sunblock Woman::: Well, of course it does! Heh, heh!
Commercial::: Fireblock SPF-3000 does not block fire, Fireblock has been known to cause rashes, irritation, dizziness, hair loss, and slurred speech, use it with caution.
Woman::: Man, all this running around and all these fireballs are sure making me thirsty!
Man::: Ugh, me too. Wouldn't it be great if there was a friendly karaoke club somewhere?
Woman::: It sure would!
Dan Vaapit::: Welcome back, Dan Vaapit here, checking in with multiple award winning Fred Finely for an update on what people in town are now calling "Snaketastrophy!"
Fred Finely::: Fred Finely here, six-time award winning reporter, and I want to hear from you. The people on the street, the little guys. Let's ask, where are the ninja? Sir?
Man::: 
Fred Finely::: Interesting perspective. You, ma'am.
Woman::: They're probably hiding out at that temple of theirs!
Jake::: I haven't given up on the ninja, and the darkest times is when we need to believe we can win the most, and the ninja wouldn't let us—
Fred Finely::: Uh-huh, yeah, sounds great, kid. Excuse me, Mr. Serpent. Fred Finely, NGTV, I'm a hard-hitting reporter looking for the truth. What is your real purpose in our city?
Elemental Cobra::: We have come to cause suffering and pain! And to end your civilization with the flames of torment!
Dan Vaapit::: Let's check in with Gayle Gossip at the Fur Mart.
Gayle Gossip::: I'm not at the Fur Mart anymore, Dan! We're trailing the serpents! They don't appear to be mindless monsters. I-It's like there's a pattern to their movement. They're all converging on one point. Up here, Vinny, look. They've been summoned by some kind of snake witch leader. We need to hear what she's saying. Come on.
Vinny::: Oh, man! Today was supposed to be just puppies! Just puppies!
Aspheera::: Find the Treacherous Deceiver. And bring him to me.
Aspheera::: What? Where did you find this? This is the weapon . . . this is the scroll the Treacherous Deceiver used against me! "The First Age." Where is this museum? I will have this weapon and use it against the Deceiver!
Gayle Gossip::: You have it, viewers at home, in an NGTV exclusive, we've broken this story wide open.
Vinny::: Uh, Gayle?
Gayle Gossip::: The Pyro Vipers rampaging through our city are seeking an ancient scroll, possibly a weapon or a magical—
Aspheera::: Who are you?
Gayle Gossip::: I'm a citizen of Ninjago City, and I'm not scared of you!
Aspheera::: I am Aspheera, and you should be.
Gayle Gossip::: The ninja will stop you.
Aspheera::: Ninja? Those fools released me?
Gayle Gossip::: Released you?
Aspheera::: I entombed them in a pyramid and left them to burn them in the flames of my wrath. You will never set eyes on the ninja again. They're gone.
Gayle Gossip::: Other villains have thought so, but they were wrong. The ninja will be back.
Aspheera::: Your faith is misguided. Tell me where this museum is. And I will spare your life.
Vinny::: Three blocks that way. Uh, uh, whoops.
Aspheera::: Bring them!
Dan Vaapit::: As we all know, "Snaketastrophy" has become a serious issue in our community. So NGTV has gathered an expert panel to discuss. Point, counterpoint. City Councilwoman Andrea Thomson, what is your opinion on "Snaketastrophy?"
Andrea Thomson::: I find raining fireballs, mass destruction, and the armies of evil snake warriors dangerous for our local neighborhoods.
Dan Vaapit::: Good point. And you, City Councilwoman May Robsen.
May Robsen::: I agree.
Dan Vaapit::: Well, uh, back to our number one reporter, Fred Finely.
Fred Finely::: And they just let Gayle Gossip scoop my story, me, a seven-time award winning reporter who-, uh-huh, who is currently doing person-in-the-street interviews with... where'd everyone go?Aah! Somebody help me!
Fred Finely::: Thank you, you're back, thank you! I thought that thing was gonna eat me!
Lloyd::: It's okay. You're gonna be fine.
Fred Finely::: I'm not gonna be fine, I'm not! I'm gonna be scarred for the rest of my—
Cole::: Hey, buddy, i-it's okay. All right.
Fred Finely::: Okay, yeah, I'm...I'm okay now.
Lloyd::: Look, we have to go. We've gotta find Aspheera. She's the cause of all this.
Fred Finely::: Gayle Gossip already found her. Aspheera is on her way to the Ninjago Museum of History.
Cole::: What are we waiting for? Let's hit the road.
Fred Finely::: Fred Finely here, eight-time...
Aspheera::: How does this work? Am I doing it right?
Vinny::: Uh, yes ma'am, you just say whatever you want to say, heh.
Aspheera::: Very well. Hear me, citizens of Ninjago! Among you somewhere lurks the Treacherous Deceiver, the traitor! The one who imprisoned me for thousands of years, and during all that time, one single thought sustained me: Revenge. . . revenge! And I will have it, I swear it! I will find you! I will find you or watch all Ninjago burn! Burn! Bu—
Dan Vaapit::: I'm afraid that's we all have time for today. Be careful out there, Ninjago City. Looks like it's gonna be a hot one. That's today's news and tomorrow's history, thanks for watching.
