Gayle Gossip::: This is Gayle Gossip, coming live from the star-studded premier of Clutch Powers: A Musical Life. It's the four-and-a-half hour musical biopic extravaganza that critics have universally hailed as certainly a lot. The screening—
Clutch Powers:::Well, of course I'll give you a sound byte. I'm so flattered you asked!
Gayle Gossip::: Hey!
Clutch Powers::: As star, writer, and director...
Jay::: This new gi is chafing me.
Clutch Powers::: ...thing that ever happened! My hope is that everyone in teapot in his hand, and he looks down, surprised.)
Zane::: Jay, I found this movie confusing. Why would Dr. Powers suddenly burst into song and dance? Illogical.
Jay::: Ugh, they're called musical numbers, and they're super terrible! That big one in the middle where Clutch kept spelling out his own name in song? Ugh, horrible! I can't get it out of my head!
Zane::: He kept singing to his own biceps! Why? As a Nindroid, such behavior makes no sense to me. 
Jay::: That's not just a Nindroid problem, they make no sense to anyone! I mean in real life, you can't just sing and dance your way out of a death trap!
Zane::: Can we return to the Monastery now? 
Jay::: Are you kidding? The best part of any movie premiere is the afterparty! Come on, I have seriously earned some free appetizers.
Zane:::Break in at the museum.
Jay::: Ugh, so much for appetizers. Hey, Zane! One more for the fans! 
Reflectra::: Mm, yes. Shopping for art is so much more fun when you don't have to pay. 
Jay::: Give up, villain! Just seriously, please, give up? There's this party we're trying to make it to, there's probably a guest limit ... I mean, it might be a whole wristband situation — hey, who are you anyway?
Reflectra::: Call me ... Reflectra! And I've got a party for you.A party of pain!
Zane::: We decline your invitation to this party, as it sounds unappealing. 
Reflectra::: Reflectra!Reflectra!You starting to get the name? Anything you send at me, I'll Reflectra right back at you!
Jay::: So you spin. Cute! Then you'll probably like this!
Zane and Jay::: Spinjitzu! 
Reflectra::: Reflectra!I've studied your every move. I know everything you're gonna' do before you do it. There's no way you'll stop me.
Zane::: Then perhaps we should do something unpredictable. Something that makes no sense to anyone.
Jay::: Makes no sense? I don't get — oh. You can't mean ...
Zane::: Initializing vocalist.La-la-la-lo. Whoa.
Jay::: Oh, this better work. 
Reflectra::: Huh? What is this nonsense?
Jay:::C, L, U, T, C, H!
Zane:::P, O, W, E, R, S!
Reflectra::: What? No one breaks out into a musical number in real life!
Zane and Jay::: Clutch Powers, he knows he's the best!
Jay::: He's a rugged superstar —
Zane::: — a man of mystery!
Jay::: He unveils the secret past —
Zane::: — of all of history!
Reflectra::: Hey, hey! Stop that! I've studied you. You never do this! This makes no sense! 
Jay::: His archaeological theories —
Zane::: — are almost always sound!
Jay::: His torso, legs, bones, and knees —
Zane::: — are just so muscle bound!
Reflectra::: Stop it! The ninja moves I can deal with, but the singing is torture!
Jay::: He can escape any booby trap!
Zane::: But he can't think of a rhyme for booby trap!
Zane and Jay::: Clutch Powers, he knows he's the world's greatest adventurer!
Clutch hologram::: I work alone.
Zane::: Hmm, I guess you can dance your way out of a death trap.
Jay::: Clutch must never know about this! Now come on. If we hurry, maybe I can still grab some appetizers!
Reflectra::: Reflectra ...
