Guard #1::: Hey! Quit hogging the newspaper, I need my daily funnies.
Guard #2::: Your comics can wait. Look! One theory about the disappearance of the ninja is that they've gone on a quest to search for Zane.
Guard #1::: Oh, so that's why no one's seen the ninja for— 
Noble::: Are you crazy?! Don't talk about that on duty!Do you have any idea what would happen if the prisoners learn the ninja are missing?
Guard #2::: Uh... no?
Noble::: They might start getting ideas!Ideas about breaking out. Especially them. .
Guards::: Sorry, Warden. 
The Mechanic::: What the nimbluey! What... The ninja are...Ultra Violet, look!
Ultra Violet::: This better be good, you're interrupting my "me" time!So it's true!
The Mechanic::: If the ninja are out of the picture, we might actually have a chance!
Ultra Violet:::Tonight, after lights out. 
Guard #2::: Lights out! Cellblock 1! 
Ultra Violet::: Come on!Ha! With the ninja out of the picture, we're practically home free!
The Mechanic::: Heh! Wonder what happened to 'em.
Ultra Violet::: Whatever it is, I hope it's something terrible!Especially Zane! He's the worst of the bunch. 
The Mechanic::: Zane? You're kidding?He barely even counts as a ninja. Now Nya, she's the worst!
Man::: Zane and Nya are like warm hugs compared to the painful force and skill of Jay. Jay is the worst ever.
The Mechanic::: Who the heck are you?
Man:::Fugi-Dove.
Ultra Violet::: Did you say "Fugitive?"
Fugi-Dove::: Fugi-Dove.The notorious villain. The scourge of Ninjago City.Sorry, was this a private escape or can anyone join?
The Mechanic::: You can come, bird guy. But let's get one thing straight: Jay is not the worst ninja.
Ultra Violet::: That's definitely Zane! Did I ever tell you what he did during our last battle? The Sons of Garmadon and I were taking on Lloyd and the annoying, but nowhere-near-as-awful-as-Zane, Nya.
Fantasy Lloyd:::Please, Ultra Violet! Don't hurt us!
Ultra Violet::: The weak ninja cowered in my presence. Victory was in my grasp. But then... 
Fugi-Dove::: Uh, whoa, whoa, wait.That's not what I heard happened. I heard Zane had a Dragon, not a jet. And I heard he froze you instantly, like the minute it showed up. No fight whatsoever.
Ultra Violet:::Wrong! Whoever told you that is a liar! I had Zane down.But he pulled some dirty robot tricks. 
Fugi-Dove::: Wait, wait, wait. Come on. Are you sure that happened?
Ultra Violet::: Were you there?! Because I have no memory of you being there!
The Mechanic::: I believe you. Go on.
Ultra Violet:::And that is why Zane is the worst ninja of all!
The Mechanic::: Heh. Sounds pretty tough. But trust me, Nya is worse. Like, so much worse. Let me tell you. I was test driving my newly-built ultimate noodle truck of crime.When for no reason at all, that nosey do-gooder judgey Nya comes out of nowhere and starts messing with me. 
Fantasy Mechanic::: Hey! That's private property!
Fantasy Nya:::You're going away for theft and false advertising.
Fantasy Mechanic::: False advertising?
Fantasy Nya::: This truck doesn't even sell noodles, does it? Does it?!
Fantasy Mechanic:::You'll never catch me! 
Fantasy Nya::: I like your vehicle. It's actually cooler than mine. I think I'll take it without asking. 
Ultra Violet::: Nya stole your noodle truck?
The Mechanic::: Yeah. Can you believe it?
Ultra Violet::: And she said, "I think I'll take it without asking"?
Fugi-Dove::: That doesn't really sound like Nya.
The Mechanic::: Sorry, who are you again?
Fugi-Dove::: Fugi-Dove! My cry fills the night!Anyway, we should probably keep moving.And while we go, I'll tell you why Jay is actually the worst of all the ninja.It was the biggest score of my life.One of those heists like hard-working criminals like ourselves dream about, you know. But then. 
Fantasy Lloyd:::Oh, no! Look! The famous Fugi-Dove!
Fantasy Cole::: Our frequent, and well known, archenemy!
Fantasy Kai::: Even with the three of us together, do you think we're a match for him? 
Fantasy Lloyd::: We should have never dared to take over the claws of Fugi-Dove!
Fugi-Dove::: I was home free.
Fantasy Jay::: Fugi-Dove, we meet again. 
The Mechanic::: Wait, hold on. Stop everything. The Blue Ninja doesn't ride lightning bolts.
Fugi-Dove::: Well, he did that day.
Ultra Violet::: Actually, I'm enjoying this. What happened next?
Fantasy Fugi-Dove::: I will not bow to your tyranny. You don't scare Fugi-Dove.
Fantasy Jay::: Haha! I admire your courage, Fugi-Dove. In another time or place, who knows, we might have been allies. But today, you're going down. My respect for you is only matched by my admiration for your skill. But justice must be served. Ninja-ukin!Forgive me, old nemesis. 
Ultra Violet::: Have you ever even seen a ninja!? I mean, lightning rope? Not only is that not how lightning works, it's not even how rope works!
Fugi-Dove::: That's how it happened!
Ultra Violet::: Whatever. 
The Mechanic::: Hey, look. Light!
Ultra Violet::: It's about time. I don't think I can take another story.
The Mechanic::: We made it!
Fugi-Dove::: At last. I am no longer caged! 
Ultra Violet::: You know what I'm gonna do first? Crimes. Like a bunch of crimes. I have missed crimes. 
P.I.X.A.L.::: I thought my ground-penetrating radar detected unusual subterranean activity. Now to get you back to Kryptarium Prison where you belong.
The Mechanic::: I'm revising my opinion. Samurai X is the worst!
Ultra Violet::: Absolutely!
Fugi-Dove::: Agreed. 
P.I.X.A.L.::: Who are you?
Fugi-Dove::: Oh, come on. I'm Fugi-Dove.
P.I.X.A.L.:::I have no record of you in my criminal databases.
Fugi-Dove::: Nothing? I'm Fugi-Dove! My cry fills the ni— 
