Cole:::Put down the staff and surrender, Aspheera. Your days of evil are over.Never! I will have my revenge if it's the last thing I do!
Child::: 
Cole::: Take that, Zap! Zap!No! Look out, Master Wu!Zap! Zap! Ahh!Oh, no!Zane is gone!What did you do to my friend?Take that! I banished him to the one place from which you can never return. The Never-Realm!Wait! W-W-W-Woah! Hey! Wait, it's okay, look, it's not real, it's just a story!It's just paper! I drew them! 
Kai::: What did you tell them, Cole?
Cole::: Nothing! I was just telling them about Zane and Aspheera, and how she blasted him into the Never-Realm.
Nya::: You think that story is appropriate for little kids?
Cole::: Five to thirteen? Absolutely.
Uthaug::: Look! Over here! Come quick! 
Nya:::This is Lloyd's!
Cole::: Where did you find this?
Uthaug::: In the snow, on the other side of the forest. There were signs of fighting and an avalanche.
Kai::: What do you think happened?
Jay::: You think he's okay?
Nya::: I hope so, because there's nothing we can do from here. Lloyd is on his own.
Lloyd:::So yeah, that's my dad. cave!Ahh!Oh, no.What's there, Red? Who are you? Show yourself!It's okay. This is what I've been looking for. This is it!Zane! Zane?Where are you?!Zane?
Zane::: Greetings, friend. If you have found this recording, then I am no longer here.My name is Zane. I am a stranger in this land trying to find my way home.It is difficult to keep track of the days in this place. It feels like I've been here a long time. But I refuse to give up hope- 
Lloyd::: Huh? No! No, no, no! 
Zane::: The mech's processing unit is damaged. I may be able to fix it, but it requires running a diagnostic. I will attempt to connect myself to the mech's processor.As long as the cable is not disconnected, I should be okay. 
Lloyd::: Come on! 
Zane::: But if anything goes wrong, if this should be found one day... please relay this message.Student of Master Wu.I was built to protect those who cannot protect themselves.I have tried to fulfill this purpose. I have no regrets. I have the best friends anyone could ask for.P.I.X.A.L., I love you. Farewell. 
Lloyd::: Zane?I may not be half the builder you are, Zane, but I'm twice as stubborn. And I will get this thing working, if it's the last thing I do! That's a promise! Right? You with me?Yeah!Come on, come on.Battery's dead. No wonder he couldn't fix it. I wonder?Here goes nothing.Yes! Did it!Want some of me?! Come and get it, you overgrown parakeet!Oh, no you don't!I'm trying hard not to hurt you, but I hope this thing's a bet!Sinking in yet? I am not your next meal!It's safe. You can come out. Come on. Hop aboard.It won't hurt you, I promise. We'll be able to move a lot faster this way. Come on.Ready, pal? Here we go.We're coming, Zane. We're coming.
