Akita::: My story begins long ago. A time before the Long Winter. A time when our realm was still lush and green.A time... before I lost everything. We lived and worked in the forest, together, happily. We were Formlings, and we lived in peace. And at the end of the day, we returned to our village. It was a beautiful place, built deep in the forest. It was my home. But my brother and I, being younglings, had not yet found our animal forms.And despite what I told my brother, I was nervous. 
Past Kataru::: What is it? Don't tell me you're still nervous?
Past Akita::: No.
Past Kataru::: I can see it in your eyes.
Past Akita::: Well, I cannot help it. What if something goes wrong? And I do not find my animal form? The Choosing is a week away. What if I am not ready?
Past Kataru:::You are ready. All who are pure of heart find their animal form. 
Past Akita::: Not all.
Past Kataru::: That was a long time ago. And it only happened once. Trust me, we will both find our animal forms. And we will run together in the forests all day and night. You'll see.
Akita::: The week passed, but my anxiety did not.
Past Vex::: Ah, just in time for another Choosing.Such a brutal, savage tradition. And what will you do with these innocent children if their animal form does not come to them? Will you reject them. As you did me?
Past Leader::: We did not reject you, Vex. You exile was of your own choosing.
Past Vex::: Lies. When I did not find my form, you turned against me. All of you. You mocked me in secret, you whispered behind my back. Vex, the pathetic. Vex, the shameful. Vex the Formless.
Past Leader::: That is your fear speaking. You distrust the world, Vex. You see the worst even when it does not exist.
Past Vex::: I have had years to dwell on your betrayal. Years of resentment, alone, in the Wilds, and I realize now, it is time for your power to end. In my journeys, I have discovered a power that dwarfs your Formling abilities. an elemental power.You can bow to me now, willingly, or when I return in force unwillingly. In either event, I will assume my rightful place over you. The choice is yours.
Past Leader::: You are a fool, Vex. And we will not abide your threats.
Past Vex::: You will regret this.
Akita::: Vex returned to the forests from whence he came. And we resumed the Choosing. But I was uneasy. Kataru and I entered the Wilderness, unsure where our journey would take us, fearing that Vex's return was a bad omen. The Choosing must pass in silence. So we did not speak. We waited. And waited. For what, we did not know. A sign, a vision... something to guide us to our animal forms. And everyday, we traveled further into unknown lands. And the further we traveled, the more concerned I became that I would never find my form. That I would turn angry and bitter like Vex, the Formless.But then... finally... 
Spirit::: Akita.
Past Akita:::Huh? 
Spirit::: Akita.Akita.Akita. 
Past Akita:::Kataru.
Past Kataru::: Akita.We did it. We found our forms. I told you they would come to us.
Past Akita::: Ha. I should've guessed you would be a bear. It fits you.
Past Kataru::: Because I am so strong?
Past Akita:::Because you are loud, always hungry, and sleep half the year. 
Past Kataru::: And look at you. A wolf. Cunning and sharp. With big teeth.
Past Akita:::Come on. What are we waiting for? See if you can keep up! 
Past Kataru::: I cannot wait to get back and show the others.
Past Akita::: You go ahead. I want to go on one more run.
Past Kataru::: You have the restlessness of a wolf now.See you soon, sister.
Past Akita:::No!Kataru!Kataru! Run! Please.No. Kataru.Kataru! 
Akita::: I walked out of the village and never looked back. I will not return again until Vex and his master, the Ice Emperor, are brought to justice.
Lloyd::: I had no idea.
Akita::: Now you know.
Lloyd::: The Ice Emperor captured my friend, Zane. I'm going to get him back. Which means you and I, we're on the same quest.
Akita::: Not the same.You seek to rescue your friend.I seek revenge.
