Woman::: I gotcha!
Captain::: Mayday! Mayday! This is the Mary Louise. We've caught a squall! We need help! Mayday!
Coast Guard::: Say again, Mary Louise, you're breaking up.
Captain::: We need help! We are in a squall!
Coast Guard::: Didyou say a squall? There's no squall on radar. We have clear skies in all directions.
Captain::: It came out of nowhere! One second the weather was good, the next
Coast Guard::: Say it again, Mary Louise. What was that sound?
Coast Guard::: I got something! Or, something's got me!
Glutinous::: IsthisNinjago?
Coast Guard::: Yeah?
Glutinous:::Imustspeak with the ninja.
Coast Guard::: This can't be good.
Jay::: Ah, I love the smell of arcade in the morning.Prime Empire! Prime Empire ... hehe, I was in that game! Yeah, I was Superstar Rockin' Jay!
Nya::: Jay, come over here!Check it out!
Jay::: Ooh, this is gonna be so much fun!
Nya::: I've been practicing a new move. Look!
Jay::: Whoa, that's great! What do you call it?
Nya::: I call it the "Electric Jaya".
Jay::: You named it after me? Uh huh, I always wanted to be a dance move!
Nya::: I named it after us! Jay, plus Nya, equals Jaya! To pull it off, we need to do it together.
Jay::: Oh, I get it. How does it go? Like this? Am I doing it right?
Nya::: Yeah. It's like dancing together, but also like we're dodging shurikens.
Jay::: Oh! Like this?
Leroy::: Hey, check it out! They're about to break the record!
Gamer 2::: Dude, awesome dance moves!
Jay::: It's called the Electric Jaya, named after us!
Nya::: Jay, focus! We're close to beating our record!
Jay::: Ooh, oh my gosh! Holy cow!
Nya::: We can do this. Concentrate!
Jay::: My legs are gonna explode!
Nya::: Stay on target!
Crowd::: Jaya! Jaya! Jaya! Jaya
Leroy::: Whatjusthappened?
Gamer 2::: I think, they broke the machine!
Wu::: Nya, Jay! What are you doing?
Nya::: Master Wu? We're, uh, training. What's wrong?
Wu::: Get to the police station. Something has happened.
Jay::: We're on our way.
Commissioner::: One of my boys on harbor patrol picked him up. Says his name is ... Gelatin or something?
Benthomaar:::Glutinous?
Commissioner::: Yeah, yeah. That's it. Anyway, he said he needs to talk to you. Something about a giant snake and the end of the world or something.
Wu::: We'll take it from here, Commissioner. Thank you.
Glutinous::: Oh, thank goodness. You're here. We don't have a moment to lose!
Benthomaar::: What do you want, Glutinous?
Glutinous::: I came to warn you. Kalmaar has awoken Wojira!
Jay::: That's impossible!
Nya::: Yeah, he needs the two amulets, and he's only got one.
Glutinous::: He has both! He tricked you. He switched it when you weren't looking, with the fake amulet from the Island of the Keepers.
Jay::: He couldn't have.
Glutinous::: I assure you, he did! I saw the real one. He brought it back to the temple. He summoned me, as he usually does.
Past Kalmaar::: Glutinous, you spineless mass! Get over here!
Past Glutinous::: Yes, my Lord?
Past Kalmaar::: I have it. I have the Storm Amulet.
Past Glutinous::: How?
Past Kalmaar::: I turned their own imbecilic trick against them, the fools. Quick! To the sanctum. We must awaken Wojira!At last, I, Kalmaar, King of the Endless Sea, will reclaim what is rightfully mine!
Past Glutinous::: Um, perhaps we should do, uh, do a little more testing before we proceed. Oror at least put on some safety goggles.
Past Kalmaar::: Rise. Rise! Rise!
Past Glutinous::: Oh my. 
Past Kalmaar:::Wojira! I am your king. And I command you to destroy the surface world and all who breathe air! Now, dive! 
Glutinous::: Ahem. He rode off on the serpent. I don't think he was exactly in control of it, but it's only a matter of time.
Nya::: Why are you telling us this?
Glutinous::: When I saw Wojira, when I saw her full power, I began to think, perhaps, I had made some poor career choices.
Zane::: When did this occur? How much time do we have?
Glutinous::: Two days ago. As soon as Kalmaar gains control of Wojira, he will wield the full power of Wave and Storm, a force this realm has not experienced since ancient times.
Wu::: Wojira could be here any moment. We must prepare. P.I.X.A.L., come in!
P.I.X.A.L.::: Master Wu?
Wu::: P.I.X.A.L., the submersible combat crafts you've been developing. How soon can you have them ready?
P.I.X.A.L.::: Three days.Four.
Wu::: You have twelve hours. I don't have time to explain, but I need them prepped and armed as soon as possible. And I need you to issue an emergency evacuation.
P.I.X.A.L.::: Is it that serious?
Wu::: I'm afraid so.
P.I.X.A.L.::: I will do so immediately. 
Lloyd:::I'm okay!
Commissioner::: You heard the man, subways and sewers emptied out. 
Glutinous::: I'll just ... wait here. 
Commissioner:::Oh, great. 
Automated voice::: Attention, citizens of Ninjago. This is an emergency evacuation alert. Repeat, this is an emergency evacuation alert. This is not a test. Repeat, this is an emergency evacuation alert. Please evacuate the city ...Citizens of Ninjago, this is an emergency evacuation alert. Repeat, this is an emergency evacuation alert. Please evacuate the city immediately.
Automated voice::: Citizens of Ninjago, this is an emergency evacuation alert. Please evacuate the city immediately.
Gayle::: I'm reporting from Ninjago Harbor where sea levels are rapidly rising, prompting an evacuation of the city. Within the past ten minutes, winds have picked up nearly twenty knots, and a storm front has come out of nowhere.Vinny? What is that?
Kalmaar::: Destroy them all! 
Gayle::: You're getting all this. Right, Vinny? You should be getting this. We'll be back after a short message!
