Narrator: Peppa is going to her first ballet lesson.

Narrator: This is Madame Gazelle, the ballet teacher.

Madame Gazelle: Aha, you must be young Peppa. I am Madame Gazelle.

Peppa Pig: Hello, Madame.

Madame Gazelle: Oh, so sweet. Welcome to your first lesson of the ballet.

Mummy Pig: I’ll pick you up later.

Peppa Pig: Bye-bye.

Mummy Pig: Enjoy yourself.

Narrator: Here are Peppa’s friends, Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog, Rebecca Rabbit and Pedro Pony.

Madame Gazelle: Children, today we have a new pupil, Peppa Pig. Now, Peppa, run and join your friends.

Peppa Pig: Hello, everyone.

Children: Hello, Peppa.

Madame Gazelle: We begin with demi-plie.

Madame Gazelle: Demi-plie.

Madame Gazelle: Now, a little jump. Petit-jete. With grace and beauty. Petit-jete. Grace and beauty. Petit-jete. Grace and beauty.

Narrator: The ballet lesson is a lot of fun.

Madame Gazelle: Raise your arms. Imagine that you are beautiful swans. And what noise do you think a swan might make?

Danny Dog: Bow-wow.

Suzy Sheep: Baa.

Candy Cat: Meow.

Pedro Pony: Neigh.

Peppa Pig: Oink.

Madame Gazelle: Grace and beauty.

Narrator: Peppa loves dancing. Everyone loves dancing.

(The bell rings and the parents arrived to collect the children.)

Peppa Pig: Mummy, Mummy, we all danced as swans.

Madame Gazelle: Peppa did very well.

Peppa Pig: I had to dance beautifully and gracefully.

Mummy Pig: That’s lovely.

Peppa Pig: Can I show you how I did it?

Mummy Pig: Let’s get home first. Then you can show Daddy Pig, George and me.

Peppa Pig: Bye-bye.

Narrator: Peppa and Mummy Pig are home.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, George, I’m going to show you how to do ballet.

Daddy Pig: Is it difficult?

Peppa Pig: It was easy for me, but you, George and Mummy will find it very hard. First, we need music.

Peppa Pig: Good. Now, George, Daddy and Mummy, you must copy what I do. Madame Gazelle used funny words, but really it’s just bending your knees and jumping.

Daddy Pig: Ah, the petit-jete.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you know the funny words.

Daddy Pig: Mummy Pig and I used to be quite good at ballet.

Mummy Pig: Do be careful, Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: Our favourite was the pas de deux. Hoopla!

Daddy Pig: That wasn’t quite how I remembered it.

Peppa Pig: Silly Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: Maybe we should leave the ballet to Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Yes, I am the best at it.

Peppa Pig: I am a beautiful swan. Oink!
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

