{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: Peppa and George are drinking orange juice.

Daddy Pig: What noisy little piggies.

Peppa Pig: George, look at all the tiny bubbles. I can make bigger bubbles.

Narrator: Peppa is blowing bubbles in her drink.

George: Bubble!

Narrator: George wants to blow bubbles too.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, George, you really shouldn't play with your food.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, Daddy.

Mummy Pig: Peppa, if you like bubbles, why don't you play with your bubble mixture?

Peppa Pig: Yes! My bubble mixture! George! Let's blow bubbles in the garden.

Narrator: Peppa is showing George how to blow bubbles.

Peppa Pig: First, dip the stick in the mixture. Then, take a big breath and blow.

George: Bubble!

Peppa Pig: George, now it's your turn.

Peppa Pig: Dip the stick in the mixture, hold it up, take a big breath... and blow!

Narrator: George is trying really hard, but he is running out of breath.

George: Achoo!

Peppa Pig: George, you didn't blow hard enough.

Mummy Pig: I know a way George can make bubbles. Dip the stick in the mixture, then lift it up, and wave it around.

George: Bubble!

Daddy Pig: It's even better if you run along.

Peppa Pig: Wait for me!

Narrator: George is having fun making bubbles, and Peppa is having fun popping them.

Peppa Pig: I love bubbles! (giggles)

George: (snorts)

Narrator: Oh dear. The bubble mixture is all used up.

(George Pig is crying)

Peppa Pig: Daddy, Mummy! There's no more bubble mixture!

Daddy Pig: Don't worry, Peppa. I have an idea.

Daddy Pig: Mummy Pig. Bring me a bucket, please.

Mummy Pig: Yes, Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, bring me some soap.

Peppa Pig: Yes, Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: George, bring me my old tennis racket.

Narrator: A bucket, some soap, a tennis racket? What is Daddy Pig doing?

Daddy Pig: First, I need some water.

Daddy Pig: Then the soap.

Daddy Pig: And now the tennis racket, please. Thank you. Now watch this.

Mummy Pig, Peppa Pig and George: Wow!

Narrator: Daddy Pig has made his own bubble mixture.

Daddy Pig: Come on, everyone.

Mummy Pig: Be careful, Daddy Pig. Don't slip and fall.

Daddy Pig: I'll be fine. Whoa!

Mummy Pig: Are you okay, Daddy Pig?

Daddy Pig: Yes, I'm fine.

Daddy Pig: Achoo!

Mummy Pig, Peppa Pig and George: Wow!

Narrator: Daddy Pig has made the biggest bubble ever.

Daddy Pig: Oh dear. I've spilt all my bubble mixture.

Peppa Pig: Now we can't make any more bubbles.

Mummy Pig: But we can play jumping in muddy puddles. Look.

Narrator: Daddy Pig's bubble mixture has made a big muddy puddle.

Daddy Pig, Mummy Pig, Peppa Pig and George: Hurrah!

Narrator: Peppa loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: Look. The bubble mixture has made the puddle all bubbly.

Narrator: Peppa loves jumping up and down in muddy, bubbly puddles.

Narrator: Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy, bubbly puddles.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]

