{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: Peppa and her family are going camping.

Daddy Pig: I love camping. We’re here!

Daddy Pig: Peppa, George, this is the tent I had when I was a little boy.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, how are you going to make that into a tent?

Daddy Pig: Don’t worry, Peppa. I’m an expert at camping! Mummy Pig, put the tent on the poles, please.

Daddy Pig: That’s it. Easy as pie!

Daddy Pig: Ooo!

Mummy Pig: Do these pegs do anything?

Daddy Pig: Of course, I forgot about the pegs.

Narrator: Pegs hold the tent up.

Daddy Pig: There.

Peppa Pig: The tent is a bit little.

Daddy Pig: It was big enough for me when I was a boy, but it does look a bit small now!

Mummy Pig: That’s because you’ve grown a bit since you were a boy, Daddy Pig.

Peppa Pig: And your tummy has grown the most of all!

Daddy Pig: Talking of tummies, we should cook supper.

Peppa Pig: Yes, yes!

Daddy Pig: First we have to collect sticks to make a fire.

Peppa Pig: Yippee~!

Narrator: Peppa and George are helping Daddy Pig collect sticks for the campfire.

Peppa Pig: George, I’ll pick up the sticks and you can carry them.

Peppa Pig: Collecting sticks is fun!

Daddy Pig: Good, that’s enough sticks.

Daddy Pig: That’s a splendid campfire. Now I’ll light it.

Mummy Pig: Here are the matches!

Daddy Pig: We don’t need matches.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, how can you light it without matches?

Daddy Pig: I’m going to make fire the old way. By simply rubbing these two sticks together.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is rubbing the two sticks together to light the campfire.

Peppa Pig: Where’s the fire, Daddy?

Daddy Pig: Nearly there.

Peppa, Mummy Pig and George: Hurrah!

Daddy Pig: Easy as pie.

Mummy Pig: Now we can heat up the tomato soup.

Daddy Pig: Ah, listen to the sounds of nature.

Peppa Pig: What is that sound?

Daddy Pig: That is the sound of crickets chirping.

Peppa Pig: What is that?

Mummy Pig: That’s an owl. Look, there it is.

Peppa and George: Wow.

Peppa Pig: And what’s that noise?

Mummy Pig: Oh, I’m not sure.

Peppa Pig: It’s Daddy’s tummy!

Daddy Pig: My tummy rumbling is one of the best sounds of nature. It means it’s time to eat.

Peppa Pig: I love tomato soup.

Daddy Pig: So do I!

Mummy Pig: There’s another one of Daddy Pig’s sounds of nature.

Daddy Pig: What?

Mummy Pig: Come on, children. Into the tent. It’s bedtime.

Peppa Pig: We won’t all fit in. The tent is too little.

Daddy Pig: It will be fine. In you go.

Daddy Pig: Move further in, Mummy Pig!

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you’re too big for the tent.

Daddy Pig: Never mind. I’d rather sleep outside anyway!

Mummy Pig: Good night, Daddy Pig.

Peppa Pig: Good night, Daddy.

George: Night-night~!

Daddy Pig: Good night, everyone.

Narrator: Mummy Pig, Peppa and George are sleeping in the tent. Daddy Pig is sleeping outside under the stars.

Daddy Pig: I love camping, sleeping in the open air with the stars above me.

Daddy Pig: Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all...

Narrator: It is morning.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, it was lovely and cosy in the tent. Oh, where’s Daddy?

Narrator: Daddy Pig has gone.

Mummy Pig: Poor Daddy Pig. He must have been cold and wet! And now where is he?

Mummy Pig: What’s that sound?

Peppa Pig: It sounds like snoring...

Peppa Pig: Daddy Pig!

Daddy Pig: What?

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you’re safe!

Daddy Pig: Of course I’m safe. I’m an expert at camping. I slept in the car.

Peppa Pig: Silly Daddy.

Daddy Pig: I love camping!

ALL: They're Laughing
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

