(İintro)

Peppa(reading): Cuckoo Clock

Narrator: İts early morning Mummy and Daddy Pig are still asleep.

Peppa: Wakey wakey, Mummy and Daddy!

Daddy Pig: Eh, What?

Peppa: İt's time to get up!

Daddy Pig: İt's much too early. Don't you know what time is it, Peppa?

Peppa: No, Daddy. Our clock dosen't work.

Daddy Pig: Oh dear. Lets see if we can mend it.

Daddy Pig: Ah, the old cuckoo clock.

Peppa Pig: Why is it called a cuckoo clock?

Mummy Pig: There's a little wooden bird inside called a cuckoo.

Peppa Pig. İ've never seen a cuckoo.

Daddy Pig: That's because we stopped winding it a long time ago.

Mummy Pig: The cuckoo got a bit annoying.

Peppa: Oh. Can we wind it up again, Please?

Daddy Pig: Alright.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is winding up the cuckoo clock.

Daddy Pig: There.

Narrator: Daddy Pig sets the clock to the right time. It is nearly nine o'clock.

Peppa: Daddy, can we see the cuckoo now?

George: *Snorts*

Daddy Pig: You'll see the cuckoo soon.

Peppa: What does she look like, Daddy?

Daddy Pig: Now, let me think. She moves her head like this and she flaps her wing like this, and she says, ahem, Cuckoo!

George: Cuckoo!

Mummy Pig: What a noisy cuckoo you are, George.

George: Cuckoo!

Peppa: Look its going to do something!

(Cuckoo)

Peppa: Wow!

(George Laughs)

Peppa: Silly George! You missed the cuckoo.

George: *Little Sob*

Peppa: The cuckoo was really, really brilliant she went, "Cuckoo" and you missed it.

George: *Crying*

Daddy Pig: Never mind, George. You can see cuckoo next time.

Mummy Pig: You'll have to wait. Cuckoo only once an hour.

Peppa: Waiting is boring. Come on, George let's play outside.

Narrator: George does not want to play outside. He is waiting to see cuckoo.

Narrator: It is nearly ten o'clock. George has been waiting for cuckoo for almost an hour.

Peppa: George! Come and play! Mr Dinosaur wants you to play, too. Grrr!

George: Grrr! Dinosaur!

(Cuckoo)

Narrator: George has missed cuckoo again.

George: *Crying*

Mummy Pig: Never mind, George, Why dont you play in the garden? İ'll call you when its time to see cuckoo.

Peppa: To you, George!

Narrator: İt is nearly eleven o'clock.

Mummy Pig: Peppa! George! Time to see cuckoo!

Peppa: Quick, George! You can't miss cuckoo again!

Narrator: George is running faster than he has ever before.

(Cuckoo)

George: *Laughs*

Peppa: George, did you see cuckoo?

George: Cuckoo! Cuckoo!

Peppa: Cuckoo!

Narrator: Peppa and George love playing cuckoos.

Peppa: Cuckoo!

George: Cuckoo!

Narrator: İt is night time.

George And Peppa: Cuckoo!

Narrator: Peppa and George are very sleepy.

Peppa: Cuckoo.*Yawn*

Narrator: Peppa and George are asleep.

(Cuckoo)

Peppa: İs it morning already?

Daddy Pig: Er, no. Time to sleep.

Peppa: Cuckoo is not very well.

Daddy Pig: She just needs to sleep, like you and George.

Mummy Pig: Good night.

Daddy Pig: Good night, my little piggies.

Peppa: George, İ know how to make cuckoo better. Wind her up, like Daddy did.

George: *Laughs*

Narrator: Mummy and Daddy Pig are fast asleep.

Daddy Pig: What?

Peppa: Mummy, Daddy, we've got something to show you. we've made cuckoo better!

(Cuckoo)

All:*Laughs*

(Credits)
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]

