{{Super Episode Template}}Narrator: [[Mummy Pig]] is watching a keep fit programme on television.

[[Mr. Potato]] on TV: ...three and four and, come on now, that's right. Bend it, stretch it, bend it, stretch it...

[[Daddy Pig]]: Ah. I love watching telly. (Thud and bump)

Daddy Pig: What's this Mummy Pig?

Mummy Pig: (oinks) It's a programme about doing exercises to keep fit.

Daddy Pig: (chuckles) Thank goodness I don't have to exercise. I'm naturally fit.

[[Peppa Pig (character)|Peppa Pig]]: (oinks) You don't look very fit Daddy. Your tummy is a bit big.

Daddy Pig: I'm very fit. I'll show you. (Oinks) What shall I do first?

Peppa Pig: Touch your toes like this.

Daddy Pig: Easy. (straining)

Peppa Pig: Daddy, stop pretending that you can't touch your toes.

Daddy Pig: Er, I'm not pretending, Peppa.

Narrator: Daddy Pig really cannot touch his toes.

Peppa Pig: Oh dear, Daddy. That's not very good.

Daddy Pig: Hmmm? Maybe I should do a bit of exercise.

Peppa Pig: Yes, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: And I will start... tomorrow. (Thud and bump)

Mummy Pig: Daddy Pig, you have to start exercising now.

Daddy Pig: Oh.

Peppa Pig: Don't worry Daddy. I will help you.

Daddy Pig: Oh, all right.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, you're in charge of getting me fit. What shall I do first?

Peppa Pig: First you must do some press-ups.

Daddy Pig: (oinks) Easy.

Peppa Pig: One. Two.

Daddy Pig: There.

Peppa Pig: Very good, Daddy. Now I want you to do.... one hundred.

Daddy Pig: One hundred?

Peppa Pig: Yes.

Mummy Pig: Come on, children. Help me make lunch.

Daddy Pig: I'll help as well.

Peppa Pig: No, Daddy. You've got one hundred press-ups to do.

Daddy Pig: Oh. One, two... 3, 4...

Narrator: Mummy Pig, Peppa and George are in the kitchen making lunch. Daddy pig: 5....

Daddy Pig: Six...

Narrator: Daddy Pig is still doing his press-ups. Daddy pig: 7....

Daddy Pig: Eight...

Peppa Pig: Daddy is doing very well.

Daddy Pig: 9...

Daddy Pig: Ten...

Mummy Pig: Yes, I do hope he's not overdoing it. Daddy pig: 11... 12...

Peppa Pig: I'll go and see.

Daddy Pig: Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen.

Peppa Pig: Daddy Pig! You're cheating, you should be doing press-ups.

Daddy Pig: Oh, er, there was something interesting on the TV.

Peppa Pig: Naughty Daddy.

Mummy Pig: Maybe Daddy will have more success with my old exercise bike.

Daddy Pig: Ah ha. This looks like fun. I'll be able to cycle and watch TV at the same time. (Engine sounds) 

Daddy Pig: It's impossible. This bike is too noisy. I can't hear the TV.

Mummy Pig: (oinks) You've got to get fit somehow.

Peppa Pig: I know, you can use my bicycle.

Mummy Pig: Yes, and then you'll get some fresh air as well.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is going to ride on Peppa's little bicycle.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, these are the pedals, these are the brakes, and this is the bell. (Bells ring)

Daddy Pig: Yes, yes, thank you, Peppa. I know. (Oinks) Bye-bye. (Bells ring)

Daddy Pig: Easy as pie. Ough. (Panting) 

Narrator: Getting fit is quite hard work.

Daddy Pig: Ahh. Oh ho, Now I can get fit without having to pedal. (Bells ringing)

Narrator: Daddy Pig is going very fast.

Daddy Pig: Oh. Maybe I'd better slow down.

Daddy Pig: (screams) The brakes aren't strong enough! Help! (screaming)

(duck quacking)

Daddy Pig: Whoa!

Narrator: Daddy Pig has been gone for a long time. 

Peppa Pig: Mummy, where can Daddy be?

Mummy Pig: Don't worry, Peppa. Daddy must be really enjoying himself to be away for so long.   

Daddy Pig: Ough, ough, hagh, egh. (Panting and tired) (The duck quacks) (bells ring)

Peppa Pig: Daddy, Where have you been?

Daddy Pig: I whizzed all the way down the hill. Then I had to push the bike all the way back up again.

Mummy Pig: (Gasps) Oh, poor Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: Well at least I've done my exercise.

Mummy Pig: Yes, for today.

Daddy Pig: What do you mean?

Mummy Pig: You have to do some more exercise tomorrow.

Daddy Pig: What?

Peppa Pig: Daddy, to get fit, you have to exercise every day.

Daddy Pig: Oh no.

Peppa Pig: But don't worry, Daddy. I’ll make sure you do it.

Daddy Pig: Yes, I know you will. (Chuckles)
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

