{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: Peppa and her friends are going to playgroup today. The children each have their own hook to hang their coats on.

All: (Laughing).

Madame Gazelle: Today we have a new pupil, Emily Elephant.

The Children: Hello, Emily!

Emily Elephant: Hello.

Narrator: Emily is a bit shy.

Madame Gazelle: Who would like to show Emily where to hang her coat?

All: Me! Me! Me! Me!

Madame Gazelle: We just need one. Peppa, can you show Emily where to hang her coat?

Peppa Pig: Yes, Madame Gazelle. We each have our own coat hooks. This one is for you, Emily.

Narrator: Emily is hanging her coat on her very own coat hook.

Madame Gazelle: Now, Emily, what would you like to do today? Painting, clay or building blocks?

Emily Elephant: Um, I don't know. Maybe building blocks.

Madame Gazelle: And everyone else: painting, clay or building blocks?

All: Building blocks!

Madame Gazelle: My goodness! Building blocks are popular today.

Narrator: Everyone wants to sit next to Emily Elephant.

Peppa Pig: Emily, you put one block on top of another. Like this.

Danny Dog: It's better if you put them side by side.

Suzy Sheep: No, this way, Emily.

Candy Cat: This is the right way, Emily.

Pedro Pony: No, Emily. Like this.

Madame Gazelle: You are all being very helpful. But Emily, how would you play with the blocks?

Emily Elephant: Um, I'm not very sure. I might do it like this.

All: Wow!

Narrator: Emily Elephant is good at building blocks.

(The bell rings)

Narrator: It is playtime.

All: Hooray! 

Madame Gazelle: Emily, would you like to play outside with the others?

Emily Elephant: Yes, please.

Madame Gazelle: Can someone show Emily where we play?

Peppa Pig: Yes, Madame Gazelle.

Narrator: At playtime, Peppa and her friends play in the school garden.

Pedro Pony: Can't catch me!

Narrator: What a lot of noise.

Peppa Pig: Let's see who is the loudest.

Rebecca Rabbit: OK. I'll go first. Squeak! Squeak!

Narrator: That was quite loud. Now it is Zoe Zebra's turn.

Zoe Zebra: Brrr!

Narrator: Now Suzy Sheep.

Suzy Sheep: Baa!

Narrator: Now Danny Dog.

Danny Dog: Woof! Woof!

Narrator: That was very loud.

Candy Cat: My turn! Meow!

Pedro Pony: My turn! Neigh!

Peppa Pig: My turn! Oink!

Narrator: Peppa is the loudest.

Rebecca Rabbit: Emily, you try.

Emily Elephant: I'm not too sure.

All: Please, Emily!

Emily Elephant: OK, I'll try. Baraag!

Narrator: My goodness! That was loud.

All: Wow!

Peppa Pig: Do it again!

Emily Elephant: Baraag!

All: (Laughing).

Narrator: Emily isn’t shy anymore.

Peppa Pig: Emily, would you like to play my favorite game?

Emily Elephant: What is your favorite game?

Peppa Pig: Jumping in muddy puddles.

Emily Elephant: That's my favorite game, too.

Narrator: Peppa loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles. Emily loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Madame Gazelle: This looks like fun. Yippee!

Narrator: Madame Gazelle loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Narrator: Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Madame Gazelle: Emily, have you enjoyed your first day at our playgroup?

Emily Elephant: Yes, Madame Gazelle.

Madame Gazelle: And I see you've made lots of new friends.

Emily Elephant: Yes.

Peppa Pig: Emily Elephant is my friend.

Suzy Sheep: And Emily is my friend.

Danny Dog: And mine.

The Children: And mine. And mine. And mine.

Peppa Pig: Emily, who do you like best?

Emily Elephant: Um, I like Suzy and Danny, and Zoe and Rebecca, and Pedro, and Peppa!

All: (Laughing).
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]

