{{Super Episode Template}}
(Peppa and her friends come out of Rebecca Rabbit's house)

Narrator: Peppa and her friends are playing at Rebecca Rabbit's house.

Danny: Let's play hide and seek.

Suzy: We'll all hide, and Peppa can find us.

Peppa: Okay. One, two...

Narrator: Everyone must find a hiding place before Peppa counts to 10. Danny and Candy are hiding in the branches of a little tree. Zoe, Pedro, and Rebecca are hiding behind a fence. Suzy and Emily are hiding behind a bush.

Peppa: ...Three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten! Ready or not, here I come! (laughs) I know where you are! (looks in a bush but Suzy and Emily aren't there) Oh! (looks in another random bush) Oh!

Narrator: Peppa cannot find anyone.

Peppa: Ugh! This is impossible!

(Freddy rides his bike towards Peppa)

Narrator: Freddy Fox has come to play.

Peppa: Hello, Freddy!

Freddy: Yap, yap! Hello, Peppa! What are you doing?

Peppa: We're playing hide and seek, but I can't find anyone.

Freddy: Shall I find them for you?

Peppa: You can try, but it's impossible.

Freddy: Yap! Watch this.

(Freddy puts his nose on the ground, sniffing and walking simultaneously towards the fence where Zoe, Pedro, and Rebecca are hiding)

Freddy: Found you!

Zoe, Pedro, and Rebecca: Oh! Hello, Freddy!

(Freddy sniffs the ground and walks at the same time towards the tree where Candy and Danny are hiding)

Freddy: Aha! There you are!

Danny and Candy: Oh!

(Freddy sniffs the ground and walks at the same time towards a bush where Suzy and Emily are hiding)

Freddy: Boo!

Suzy and Emily: Oh!

Narrator: Freddy Fox has found everyone!

Peppa: How did you do that?

Freddy: I'm good at smelling.

Suzy: What's smelling got to do with it?

Freddy: I can find you by sniffing your smell.

Suzy: (bleats) I'm not smelly! I had a bath last night!

Freddy: I know! You smell nice!

Suzy: Oh! (blushes)

Freddy: Yap! I could even find you with my eyes closed.

Peppa: Go on then. (snorts) Find Suzy with your eyes closed.

Freddy: Easy!

Danny: Hide, Suzy!

Everyone except Suzy: One, two, three...

Narrator: Suzy is looking for somewhere to hide.

Everyone except Suzy: Six, seven, eight, nine...

(Suzy hides behind Rebecca)

Everyone except Suzy: Ten!

Freddy: Ready or not, here I come! (sniffs the air twice before he begins sniffing the ground and walking simultaneously)

Narrator: Freddy is looking for Suzy with his eyes closed. He is sniffing where Suzy has walked: around the tree, behind a little bush, and back up the hill.

Freddy: Found you!

Suzy: Oh! (giggles)

Freddy: All thanks to my nose!

Pedro: It's a super nose!

Freddy: Yes, it is!

Peppa: Has everything got a smell?

Freddy: Oh, yes. Everything has a different smell.

Peppa: What do I smell of?

Freddy: (sniffs Peppa) You smell of flowers and Wellington boots.

(Everyone laughs)

Danny: What do I smell of?

Freddy: (sniffs Danny) You smell of wet grass and biscuits.

(Everyone laughs again)

Emily: What do I smell of?

Freddy: (sniffs Emily) Bananas and jam.

(Emily laughs)

Candy: What do I smell of?

Freddy: (sniffs Candy) Milk and fish fingers.

(Candy laughs)

Pedro: What do I smell of?

Freddy (sniffs Pedro) Pedro, you smell of toothpaste.

Pedro: Oh.

Zoe: What's your favorite smell?

Freddy: Eggs.

Candy: What is the worst thing you have ever smelled?

Freddy: Blue cheese.

Everyone except Freddy: Phoo wee! (laughs)

Freddy: (sniffs the air) It's nearly dinner time.

Rebecca: How do you know?

Freddy: I can smell carrot soup.

(Everyone else smells the air)

Peppa: I can smell carrot soup, too.

Everyone except Peppa and Freddy: And me!

Mummy Rabbit: Dinner's ready! Come and get your carrot soup!

Narrator: Everyone is enjoying Mummy Rabbit's carrot soup.

Peppa: This soup is yummy!

(Car horn honks twice)

Mummy Rabbit: Who can that be?

(Mr. Fox drives to the top of Rebecca Rabbit's house)

Narrator: Mr. Fox is coming to take Freddy home.

Mr. Fox: (sniffs the air also) Mmm. I can smell dinner!

Mummy Rabbit: Oh! Mr. Fox, hello!

Mr. Fox: Hello, Mummy Rabbit!

(Freddy peeks his head out of Rebecca Rabbit's house and jumps towards Mr. Fox)

Freddy: Hello, Dad! I've just had my dinner down the rabbit hole!

Mr. Fox: Good lad! (pats Freddy on the snout)

Mummy Rabbit: And can you guess what's for pudding?

Mr. Fox: (sniffs) Smells nice. (sniffs again) I'd say strawberry jelly.

Mummy Rabbit: That's right! (takes out strawberry jelly)

Narrator: Mr. Fox loves smelling things.

(Mr. Fox sniffs and everybody except Mummy Rabbit also sniffs)

All the children: Mmm!

Narrator: Everyone loves smelling things.

(Everyone laughs and falls backwards on the ground; Mummy Rabbit didn't fall backwards on the ground)
[[Category:Season 3 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

