Narrator: Today is George's Birthday. It is very early in the morning.

Peppa: George! It's too early!

George: Dinosaur, Rarrrrr!

Peppa: Go back to bed!

Mummy Pig: It sounds like someone's up bright and early.

Daddy and Mummy Pig: Happy Birthday, George.

Peppa: George woke me up!

Daddy Pig: You woke everyone up on your birthday, Peppa.

Peppa: That was different. That was my birthday.

Daddy Pig: And today is George's Birthday.

Peppa: Happy Birthday, George.

Mummy Pig: Here's your present, George.

George: Dinosaur.

Peppa: I knew it would be some sort of dinosaur thingy.

George: Rarrrrr!

Daddy Pig: Squeeze its "tummy".

(George squeezes the Dinosaur's "tummy")

(Dinosaur Roars, The pigs gets Scared)

Mummy Pig: Too Scary!

Peppa: George, I've made you a birthday card! Can you guess what the picture is?

Narrator: George cannot guess.

Peppa: I was going to paint you a flower.

George: Oh.

Narrator: George does not like flowers.

Peppa: But in the end, I painted you a-

George: Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: That's a lovely picture, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Yes. I'm very good at painting.

Mummy Pig: Now, we're going somewhere very special for George's Birthday treat.

Peppa Pig: Yippee! Let's go. Where are we going? 

Daddy Pig: You'll see...

Narrator: The family are setting off for George's birthday treat.

Peppa Pig: Are we going to the circus?

Daddy Pig: No, but it's somewhere just as good.

Peppa Pig: Um, Is it the cinema?

Daddy Pig: No, much better.

Peppa Pig: I just can't guess.

Narrator: Where can they be going?

Daddy Pig: We're here!

Narrator: The family have arrived at the museum.

Peppa Pig: Why are we at the museum?

Daddy Pig: Come on. You'll see.

Narrator: What can George's birthday treat be?

Daddy Pig: George, what do you like best in the whole world?

George: Dinosaur. Ooh! Dinosaur.

Narrator: George's birthday treat is a visit to the museum dinosaur room?

Peppa Pig: Oh, silly, old dinosaurs again...

George: Dinosaur.

(Dinosaur Roars, them George Pig cries) 

Mummy Pig: Don't be frightened, George. It's not a real dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: It's just a robot. Look. I stand on this spot and....

(Dinosaur Roar)

George: Rarrrrr!

Mummy Pig: And now, there's another surprise.

Narrator: All of George and Peppa's friends are here.

The Children: Surprise!

Narrator: Mummy Rabbit has made a birthday cake for George.

Miss Rabbit: Can anyone guess what cake it is?

Peppa Pig: A dinosaur cake.

Miss Rabbit: It is. What an amazing guess, Peppa!

The Children: Happy Birthday, George!

Daddy Pig: There's is one last surprise. Follow me.

Narrator: What is the last surprise?

Suzy Sheep: What do you think it is, Peppa?

Peppa Pig: It's probably something to do with dinosaurs. Oh, what's that?

Daddy Pig: It just needs to be filled with air.

Peppa Pig: I Know! I Know! It's a bouncy castle!.

Narrator: Peppa loves bouncy castles.

Peppa Pig: But if it's for George, why isn't it something to do with dinosaurs?

Daddy Pig: It is a dinosaur! A bouncy dinosaur.

The Children: Hurrah!

Narrator: George loves bouncy dinosaurs. Everyone loves bouncy dinosaurs.

Peppa Pig: This is fun! Happy Birthday, George.

(The Episode ends)
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

