{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: Today it is raining a little bit.

(Peppa and George come out of their house with their boots on and starts jumping up and down)

(Mummy Pig comes out of the house with her umbrella)

Mummy Pig: Peppa, George, put your rain clothes on.

Narrator: When it rains, Peppa and George must wear their rain clothes.

George: Yuck! (throws his rain hat on the ground)

Narrator: George does not like wearing his rain hat.

Mummy Pig: George, you must keep your hat on.

George: Why?

Mummy Pig: Because you must keep dry.

George: Why?

Mummy Pig: Because you might catch a cold.

George: Why?

Mummy Pig: George, do you want to play in the garden?

(George oinks twice and jumps twice)

Mummy Pig: Then keep your hat on.

(George oinks)

Peppa: Come on, George!

(George comes with Peppa, and they laugh)

Narrator: Peppa and George are going to jump in muddy puddles.

(Peppa and George jump in a muddy puddle and laughs)

George: Yuck! (throws his rain hat on the mud)

Narrator: George does not want to wear his rain hat.

(George jumps up and down in muddy puddles without his rain hat and laughs; rain pours down harder)

Mummy Pig: Peppa! George!

Daddy Pig: Come inside! The rain's too heavy to play in now!

(Peppa and George come inside their house)

Mummy Pig: (oinks twice) Oh, George. Where's your hat?

(George sneezes)

Narrator: George has caught a cold.

(George sneezes again and falls backwards)

Mummy Pig: Oh, poor little George. You don't sound well.

(George coughs)

Daddy Pig: (oinks) Don't worry. I'll ring Dr. Brown Bear.

Dr. Brown Bear: Dr. Brown Bear speaking. I see. Put George to bed, and I'll be straight round.

Daddy Pig: Thank you, Dr. Brown Bear. Goodbye.

Peppa: (oinks) Will George be taken to hospital and given medicine?

Daddy Pig: No, George just has to go to bed.

Peppa: Oh, so George is not really, properly ill?

(George sneezes on Peppa)

Peppa: Eugh! That's disgusting!

(George coughs again)

Mummy Pig; Poor George. Let's get you straight to bed.

(Mummy Pig puts George to bed; Daddy Pig puts George's blanket on George while George is in his bed)

Daddy Pig: George, you have to stay in bed for a bit.

George: No.

Narrator: George does not want to stay in bed.

(George sneezes)

Daddy Pig: George, you have to stay in bed until you are better.

George: Why?

Daddy: Because you have to keep warm.

George: Why?

Daddy Pig: Uhh, because Dr. Brown bear said so.

Dr. Brown Bear: Hello. Where's my patient?

(George gasps and jumps back into his bed)

Dr. Brown Bear: Open wide and say, "Ahh."

(George hides in the blanket)

Narrator: George is a little bit worried.

Dr. Brown Bear: Hmm. Peppa, you're big and brave. Can you show George how to say, "Ahh?"

Peppa: (oinks) Of course. Ahhh.

George: (giggles) Ahhh!

Dr. Brown bear: Mm. George has caught a cold.

Peppa: Does George need medicine?

Dr. Brown Bear: No, but he can have some nice, warm milk at bedtime to help him sleep.

Mummy Pig: Thank you, Dr. Brown Bear.

Dr. Brown Bear; You're welcome. Goodbye!

(Dr. Brown Bear drives away and honks his car horn)

(Sky turns navy blue and moon rises)

Narrator: George has been in bed all day. Now it is Peppa's bedtime.

(Peppa goes into her bed)

Peppa: George, are you better?

(George sneezes)

Narrator: George is not better.

(George sneezes again)

Peppa: George, please don't sneeze so loudly.

(George coughs)

Peppa: Ugh! This is impossible!

Mummy Pig: George, here's some nice, warm milk to help you sleep.

(George drinks the milk and yawns)

Narrator: The warm milk makes George feel very, very sleepy.

(Mummy Pig walks backwards to the entrance of Peppa an George's bedroom with the empty glass that George drank out of)

Daddy Pig: Goodnight, my little piggies. (turns switch off)

Peppa: (sighs happily) It's so nice and quiet.

(George snores loudly)

(A rooster crows and the sun rises)

Narrator: It is morning.

(George still snores loudly)

Narrator: George has slept very well.

(George oinks and giggles and jumps on Peppa's bed)

(Peppa yawns)

George: (holds Mr. Dinosaur in his hands) Grr!

Narrator: George is better.

(George giggles)

Daddy Pig: (oinks) Come on, everyone. It's a lovely, sunny day.

(George oinks twice with his rain hat on)

Narrator: George is wearing his rain hat. He doesn't want to catch another cold.

Mummy Pig: Oh, George, you don't need to wear your hat.

George: Why?

Daddy Pig: Because it's hot and sunny.

George: Why?

Peppa: George, can you stop saying "why" all the time?

George: Why? (giggles)

Daddy Pig: (laughs) George certainly is better.

(Everyone except George fall backwards on the ground laughing and Peppa oinks twice)

(George also laughs and falls backwards on the ground)
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

