(Peppa stands in front of a tall measurement ruler)

Narrator: Mummy Pig is measuring Peppa.

(Mummy Pig measures Peppa's height using a pinkish-red colored pencil)

Mummy Pig: There, Peppa. That's how tall you are!

Peppa: (oinks) I'm taller than I was before!

Daddy Pig: That's because you're growing up, Peppa.

Mummy Pig: Now, George's turn.

(George also stands in front of the tall measurement ruler before Mummy Pig marks George's height using a blue colored pencil)

Mummy Pig: There, George. That's how tall ''you'' are!

(George oinks twice)

Peppa: I am taller than George.

George: Oh.

Daddy Pig: Don't worry, George. As you get older, you get taller.

Peppa: Yes, but I will always be taller than you, George, because I will always be older!

(Peppa oinks and everyone laughs)

(Playgroup bell rings)

Narrator: It is time for playgroup.

(The children laugh)

Madame Gazelle: Children, today a new friend is joining our playgroup. Say hello to Gerald.

(Gerald Giraffe arrives in the playgroup)

All the children except for Gerald: Hello, Gerald!

Gerald: Hello.

Peppa: Wow! You're really tall, so you must be really old!

Madame Gazelle: No. Gerald is the same age as you.

Danny: Why is he so tall then?

Gerald: I'm tall because I'm a giraffe.

Rebecca: I'm taller!

Peppa: No, you're not!

Rebecca: Yes, I am!

(Rebecca stands with Gerald's back facing hers)

Rebecca: You measure to the top of the ears. (Rebecca stands on her toes)

Gerald: Oh, do ears count? (Gerald also stands on his toes)

Narrator: Gerald Giraffe is the tallest.

Rebecca: Oh.

Wendy: I wish ''I'' was as tall as Gerald.

Everyone else except Gerald and Rebecca: And me!

Narrator: It is playtime.

Pedro: Let's play hide and seek.

Peppa: Okay. 1, 2...

(Everyone tries to find a hiding place)

Narrator: While Peppa counts to 10, everyone must find a hiding place.

Peppa: 7, 8, 9, 10! Ready or not, here I come! Found you Gerald!

Gerald: Oh.

Suzy: You didn't find me!

Danny: Or me!

Zoe: Or me!

Rebecca: Or me!

Wendy: Or me!

(Emily, Zoe, Pedro, and Suzy giggles)

Gerald; I always get founded 'cause I'm so tall.

Peppa: Oh.

Gerald: It's not much fun being tall. I have to bend down to talk to everyone.

Peppa: ''I'' have to bend down to talk to George. Hello, George. What's it like being little?

George: (oinks twice)

Danny: (barks twice) Let's play ball! (bounces ball)

Everyone else except Gerald: Yay! (laughs)

Gerald: Maybe I'll play later.

Narrator: Gerald doesn't want to play because he is sad.

(tear runs down Gerald's neck)

Rebecca: (squeaks) To you, Danny! (passes ball to Danny)

Danny: To you, Pedro! (passes ball to Pedro)

Pedro: Catch, Peppa! (accidentally throws ball to a tree branch, and it gets stuck)

Peppa: Oh!

Narrator: The ball is stuck in the tree.

Peppa: (jumps up and down with hands in the air just to reach for the ball) I can't reach it!

Zoe: Let me have a go! (does the same as Peppa did) No, it's too high!

Pedro: What can we do?

Suzy: Chop the tree down!

Everyone except Suzy: No!

Emily: I can get it with my trunk! (tries to reach for the ball with her truck and groans) No, I can't.

Candy; If Emily can't reach it with her trunk, then we'll never get our ball back!

Danny: What can we do?

Suzy: (in a lower voice) Chop the tree down.

Everyone: No!

Peppa: If only there was somebody tall enough to reach our ball.

All the children except Gerald: Gerald!

Gerald: What?

Peppa: You can reach the ball because you're tall!

Gerald: I can try. (Gerald finally reaches for the ball and got the ball out of the tree)

(Gerald chuckles)

Everyone except Gerald: Hooray!

(Gerald hands the ball to Peppa)

Narrator: Gerald Giraffe has rescued the ball.

(Gerald chuckles again)

(something else shakes the leaves on the tree)

Gerald: Ooh! I can see something else! There's an animal stuck in the tree!

Danny: Is it a cat?

Candy: No! I'm here!

(Tiddles peeks out of the leaves and squeaks twice)

Narrator: It is Tiddles, the tortoise.

(Gerald gets Tiddles out of the tree)

(Tiddles jumps on Gerald's head and squeaks again)

Dr. Hamster: Tiddles! Tiddles?

Narrator: Here is Dr. Hamster, the vet.

(Dr. Hamster picks up Tiddles)

Dr. Hamster: (gasps) You naughty tortoise!

(Tiddles squeaks)

Dr. Hamster: Who do I have to thank for rescuing my Tiddles?

Everyone except Gerald: Gerald!

(Gerald laughs)

Dr. Hamster: Thank you, Gerald! My goodness, you ''are'' a tall lad!

Gerald: I'm a giraffe!

Dr. Hamster: Oh!

Peppa: But ''you're'' taller than Gerald, Dr. Hamster.

Dr. Hamster. Yes, that's because I'm a hamster.

Danny: Are hamsters always taller than giraffes?

Dr. Hamster: Ehh...

Gerald: I will be taller than Dr. Hamster when I'm older.

Dr. Hamster: Yes.

Narrator: Grown-up giraffes tend to be taller than grown-up hamsters.

Mummy and Daddy Giraffe: Hello.

Narrator: Mummy and Daddy Giraffe have come to collect Gerald from playgroup.

Peppa: Wow! You're as tall as the sky!

Mummy Giraffe: That's because we're giraffes.

Gerald: And my mummy and daddy are very, very old. (laughs)

(Everyone else laughs and falls backwards on the ground)
[[Category:Season 5 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

