{{Super Episode Template}}
This is the transcript for [[London]].

Note: We actully need to give the Transcript a bit more content due to not give Info.

==Transcript==
(The episode starts with the Playgroup kids laughing to see how London is. Madame Gazelle and Miss Rabbit are seem.)

Narrator: [[Peppa Pig (character)|Peppa]] and her playgroup are visiting London for the day.

Madame Gazelle: Children, this is London!

Peppa Pig: Wow! It's so busy!

Madame Gazelle: There's so much to see! I just can't decide where to go first!

(Miss Rabbit then shows the Palace.)

Miss Rabbit: My friend the Queen lives in London. Maybe she can help.

Narrator: This is the palace where the Queen lives.

(Phone call for The Queen starts.)

[[The Queen (character)|The Queen]]: Hello?

Miss Rabbit: Please, can I speak to the Queen?

The Queen: I am the Queen. Who are you?

Miss Rabbit: It's Miss Rabbit. You said if I was ever London, I shoul drop in to see you.

The Queen: Ah, Miss Rabbit! Come in! Come in!

(The Queen then lets the others enter.)

The Queen: Hello, everyone!

Children: Hello, Queen!

Peppa Pig: We're visiting London for the day!

Miss Rabbit: We were hoping you could tell us the best places to see.

The Queen: I can do better than that! After all, London is my city. I'll give you a guided tour myself.

Children: Horray!

(Cuts to the London city)

The Queen: The best way to see London is on a double-decker bus.

All: Ooh!

The Queen: Mr. Driver, please may we borrow your bus?

Mr. Driver: Borrow my bus? You must be joking!

The Queen: No. I am your Queen.

Mr. Driver: In that case, Your Majesty, take it!

Narrator: If the Queen asks you to do something, you must do it!

Mr. Driver: Everyone up to the top deck!

Peppa Pig: The bus has stairs in it!

Narrator: The double-decker bus has seats at the top!

The Queen: I am the Queen and I will be your tour guide today. First stop, Big Ben. (The scene then cuts to A tall clock tower.) This tall clock tower is called Big Ben.

Edmond Elephant: Actually, Big Ben is the bell not the tower.

The Queen: You know a lot for a little elephant.

Edmond Elephant: I'm a clever clogs.

(Edmond then trumpets.)

The Queen: Oh.

Danny Dog: That was loud!

The Queen: That is the sound of Big Ben telling us the time. It rang three times, so it is 3:00.

Wendy Wolf: If it rang six times, would that make it 6:00?

The Queen: Yes, it would.

Pedro Pony: And if it rang 100 times?

The Queen: Then it would be broken. On with the tour! Next stop, Tower Bridge! We need to cross the bridge to continue the tour.

Police Officer Squirrel: Stop! You can't cross!

Peppa Pig: Look! There's a big ship! It's going to bang into the bridge!

Peppa Pig: The bridge is lifting up!

All: Wow!

Narrator: Tower Bridge lifs to let tall ships sail through.

The Queen: Good. Now the ship has passed, we can be on our way. Please lower the bridge.

Police Officer Squirrel: I'm sorry, Your Majesty, but there's another ship coming.

The Queen: This is really too much. We can't wait around all day. Hold tight, everyone!

(Whoop! The bus then jumps on the brige!)

All: Whee!

Narrator: The bus is balancing on the bridge.

(The bus now gets stuck...)

Miss Rabbit: Now, what do we do?

The Queen: Hang on a minute, lads, I've got a great idea. Everybody move to the front of the bus.

All: Okay!

(Then all animals push the bus, and.... It worked!)

Children: Horray!

Narrator: The Queen is good at driving buses.

The Queen: Are you enjoying your tour, children?

Children: Yes!

Peppa Pig: Open-top buses are the best!

Pedro Pony: Why aren't all buses open like this one!

(It's raining, making things wet.)

Narrator: It is raining.

Pedro Pony: Ah, yes, that's why all buses aren't open like this one.

Madame Gazelle: Children, open your umbrellas.

Narrator: It is very important to take an umbrella when you visit London.

The Queen: Next stop, Trafalgar Square. Oh, dear what a shame! Trafalgar Square is full of puddles!

Peppa Pig: But we love puddles!

(People then goes to splash.)

Peppa Pig: Come on, having a splash, Your Majesty!

The Queen: It does look rather fun and one is wearing one's boots. Whee!

Narrator: The Queen loves jumping in London puddles. Everybody loves jumping in London puddles!

(The episode ends, when people laughs.)

[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 5 episode transcripts]]

