{{Super Episode Template}}Narrator: [[Peppa Pig (character)|Peppa]] is playing with her doll’s house. [[George Pig|George]] is playing too.

Narrator: Peppa is making a tea party for the doll family.

Peppa Pig: Here, George. I’m the mummy and daddy. You can be the children.

Peppa Pig: (as mummy doll) Children, it’s nearly tea time, so you must wash your hands.

Narrator: George is putting the dolls to bed.

George: Night-night.

Peppa Pig: George, why are you putting the children to bed? They’re having a tea party.

Narrator: George likes putting the dolls to bed.

Peppa Pig: (as mummy doll) Children, come downstairs right now, or you won’t get any cake.

Narrator: George isn’t listening. He’s too busy putting the dolls to bed.

Peppa Pig: George, if you want to play with my doll’s house, you have to help with the tea party.

Peppa Pig: Here, George. You can fill the teapot with water.

Peppa Pig: (as mummy doll) Children, come downstairs right now.

Peppa Pig: (as the children dolls) Mummy, we’re coming.

Narrator: George is going to fill the teapot with water.

George: Oo.

Narrator: George has found [[Mister Skinnylegs (character)|a spider]] in the sink.

Narrator: George wants the spider to be his friend.

George: Oh.

Narrator: George likes the spider.

Narrator: The spider likes George.

Narrator: Peppa loves playing tea parties.

Peppa Pig: (as mummy doll) Where are all the chocolate biscuits, Daddy? We had lots yesterday.

Peppa Pig: (as daddy doll) Oh, I’m sorry, Mummy. I must have eaten them all. Ho, ho, ho.

Peppa Pig: (as mummy doll) Naughty Daddy.

Narrator: George is putting the spider to bed.

George: Night-night.

Peppa Pig: George, what are you doing?

Peppa Pig: You have to help me with the tea party.

Peppa Pig: (Screams) Help! Help!

Peppa Pig: Daddy, there’s a spider in my bedroom.

[[Daddy Pig]]: Don’t worry, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Please, Daddy. Take it away.

Daddy Pig: No need to panic.

Daddy Pig: Hello, George. Have you seen the spider?

Peppa Pig: It’s too scary. Take it away.

Daddy Pig: There’s no need to be afraid, Peppa. Spiders are very very small and they can’t hurt you. But don’t worry. Daddy will take it out of the bedroom.

Daddy Pig: Whoa! He’s quite big, isn’t he?

Daddy Pig: Um, I’ll just fetch Mummy Pig.

Daddy Pig: Mummy Pig!

Peppa Pig: Hello, Mr Skinnylegs.

Narrator: Peppa feels a little bit braver.

Peppa Pig: He likes being in my doll’s house.

[[Mummy Pig]]: Hello, children. I hear you found a little spider. I’ll take him out of the bedroom so you two can play.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, his name is Mr Skinnylegs.

Mummy Pig: Mr Skinnylegs is big, isn’t he?

Narrator: Peppa and George like the spider.

George: Night-night.

Narrator: George is putting the spider to bed.

Peppa Pig: No, George. He wants some tea. He doesn’t want to be in bed.

Peppa Pig: Are you hungry, Mr Skinnylegs? Would you like some cake?

Narrator: Peppa isn’t afraid of the spider anymore.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, Daddy, sit down. We are all going to have tea with Mr Skinnylegs.

Peppa Pig: Who wants tea?

Mummy Pig: Me, please.

Daddy Pig: Me, please.

Daddy Pig: Delicious.

Narrator: Peppa loves playing tea parties.

Peppa Pig: Here’s your tea, Mr Skinnylegs.

Peppa Pig: What’s that? You want to say hello to my daddy?

Peppa Pig: (as Mr Skinnylegs) Hello, Mr Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: That’s all right, Peppa. Let Mr Skinnylegs drink his tea.

Peppa Pig: You’re not scared, are you, Daddy?

Daddy Pig: No, of course not.

Daddy Pig: Whoa! Not so close.

Daddy Pig: Whoa!

Narrator: Peppa likes Mr Skinnylegs.

Narrator: Everyone likes Mr Skinnylegs.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

