{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: George's favourite toy is Mr Dinosaur.

George: Dinosaur.

Narrator: George loves Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Narrator: Sometimes, George likes to scare Peppa with Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Peppa Pig: Eeek! Too scary.

Narrator: At suppertime, Mr Dinosaur sits next to George.

Mummy Pig: I beg your pardon.

Mummy Pig: Was that you George, or was it Mr Dinosaur?

George: Dinosaur.

Narrator: At bath time, George shares his bath with Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Mummy Pig: Good night, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Good night, Mummy.

Mummy Pig: Good night, George.

Mummy Pig: And good night, Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Narrator: When George goes to bed, Mr. Dinosaur is tucked up with him.

Narrator: George's favourite game is throwing Mr. Dinosaur up in the air...

George: Whee!

Narrator: ...and catching him when he falls back down.

George: Whee!

Narrator: Peppa and Daddy Pig are playing draughts.

Peppa Pig: I win, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Oh. Well done, Peppa.

(George Pig is crying)

Daddy Pig: George?

Mummy Pig: George, what's the matter?

George: Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: George, have you lost Mr Dinosaur?

Narrator: George has lost Mr Dinosaur.

Mummy Pig: Don't worry George. We'll find Mr Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: It's a job for a detective.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, what is a detective?

Daddy Pig: A detective is a very important person who is good at finding things.

Peppa Pig: Me! Me! I'm good at finding things.

Daddy Pig: All right. Peppa is the detective.

Peppa Pig: George. I am the detective. I will help you find Mr Dinosaur.

Mummy Pig: Maybe the detective should ask George some simple questions.

Peppa Pig: George? Where's Mr Dinosaur?

(George Pig is crying)

Narrator: George does not know where Mr Dinosaur is.

Daddy Pig: The detective could try and guess where Mr Dinosaur might be.

Peppa Pig: I know. I know where he is.

Peppa Pig: George always has Mr Dinosaur with him in the bath.

Peppa Pig: So Mr Dinosaur is in the bath.

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is not in the bath.

Peppa Pig: Oh. I know. I know where Mr Dinosaur is.

Peppa Pig: George always has Mr Dinosaur in his bed at night.

Peppa Pig: So that's where he is.

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is not in George's bed.

Peppa Pig: Oh.

Mummy Pig: Maybe we should try the garden.

Peppa Pig: Yes, the garden. I was going to say that.

Peppa Pig: Where is Mr Dinosaur?

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is very hard to find.

Peppa Pig: Oh. Mr Dinosaur isn't anywhere.

Daddy Pig: George? You do love to throw Mr Dinosaur in the air.

Daddy Pig: I wonder if this time you threw Mr Dinosaur just a bit too high.

Peppa Pig: There he is. There he is. I saw him first.

Daddy Pig: Well done, Peppa.

Daddy Pig: You really are a very good detective.

George: Dinosaur. Grr.

Narrator: George is so happy to have Mr Dinosaur back again.

George: Whee. (giggles) Whee.

(George Pig is flying up Dinosaur and stuck on a tree, George Pig cries a bit.)

Daddy Pig: Maybe it isn't a good idea to play with dinosaurs near trees.

George: Dinosaur.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

