(Peppa, George, Suzy, and Pedro jump up and down and laughing in front of Peppa's house)

Narrator: Peppa and George are playing with Suzy Sheep and Pedro Pony.

(The Rabbit family parks at Peppa's house, and Rebecca and Richard get out of the car)

'''Narrator''': Here are Rebecca and Richard Rabbit.

'''Peppa''': (snorts) Hello, Rebecca.

'''Rebecca:''' (squeaks) I got a secret.

'''Peppa:''' What is it?

'''Rebecca:''' My mummy's got a bump in her tummy.

Peppa, George, Suzy, and Pedro: Oooh!

(Mummy Rabbit steps out of the car carefully while Mr. Rabbit holds the car door for her)

Peppa: Has she eaten too much?

Rebecca: No. There's a baby rabbit inside.

Peppa: Mummy Rabbit, is there really a baby rabbit in your tummy?

Mummy Rabbit: Yes. Would you like to listen to it?

Peppa: Yes, please!

(Peppa puts her head on Mummy Rabbit's tummy to hear the baby)

Mr. Rabbit: Can you hear a little heartbeat?

(Peppa hears a baby's heartbeat)

Peppa: Yes, I can! It's going boom, boom, boom!

(Baby kicks inside the tummy)

Peppa: Oh! It just moved!

Mummy Rabbit: Yes. Sometimes babies give a little kick.

Pedro: (neighs) What will you call it?

Mummy Rabbit: I don't know. Would you children like to think of a name?

All the children: Yes, please!

(Mummy Pig opens the front door of Peppa's house)

Mummy Pig: Hello, Mummy Rabbit! (snorts) Would you like a cup of coffee?

Mummy Rabbit: I can't have coffee, but I am quite hungry.

Mummy Pig: Would you like a carrot?

Mummy Rabbit: I'm a bit off carrots. Have you got any potatoes?

Mummy Pig: Yes, we do.

Mummy Rabbit: Maybe a potato with jelly, and cheese, and strawberry jam, please?

All the children: Eugh! (laughs)

(Mummy Rabbit and Mummy Pig walk inside Peppa's house)

Narrator: A potato with jelly, cheese, and strawberry jam? What a funny mixture of food!

Peppa: We need to think of a name for the baby.

Rebecca: Yes! If the baby is a girl, she'll be called Rachael Rabbit.

Suzy: Or how about Ruth Rabbit?

Peppa: Roxanne Rabbit.

Pedro: Sharon Rabbit!

Suzy: I don't think so, Pedro.

Peppa: Sharon Rabbit sounds wrong.

Rebecca: I like Rosie. (blushes slightly)

Peppa: Rosie Rabbit. (snorts) It's perfect.

Pedro: But what if the baby is a boy?

The 3 girls: Oh!

Peppa: How about Rufus Rabbit?

Suzy: Raymond Rabbit.

Pedro: Michael Rabbit!

The 3 girls: Michael Rabbit? No!

Rebecca: Robbie Rabbit!

Peppa: Yes! Robbie Rabbit!

Mummy Rabbit: Thank you for the potatoes with jelly, cheese, and strawberry jam, Mummy Pig!

Mummy Pig: (snorts) My pleasure.

Peppa: We thought of the name for the baby!

Rebecca: Rosie, if it's a girl, and Robbie, if it's a boy.

Mummy Rabbit: They're lovely names.

Peppa: It's sad that the baby can't have both names.

(Mummy Rabbit's tummy moves)

Mummy Rabbit: Oh! My tummy!

Mr. Rabbit: It's all that funny food you've been eating.

Mummy Rabbit: I don't think so, Daddy Rabbit! The baby's coming!

Mr. Rabbit: Right! To the hospital!

(Rebecca, Richard, and Mr. Rabbit go back in the car)

Mr. Rabbit: Quickly now! Don't panic!

Rebecca and Richard: Bye!

Peppa, George, Suzy, and Pedro: Bye!

Mummy Pig: Good luck!

(The car drives away from Peppa's house)

Mummy Rabbit: Did you pack everything on the list?

Mr. Rabbit: I've got it all! Pillows, scented candles, yoga music, and enough food for 3 days!

(Mr. Rabbit arrives at the hospital)

Mr. Rabbit: Don't panic! Don't panic! Anyone in?! We're having a rabbit!

Miss Rabbit: Hello, Sister. What are you doing here?

Mummy Rabbit: I'm having a baby, remember?

Miss Rabbit: Oh, yes! You better come inside, then!

Mr. Bull: (moos) You have to park the car first, but don't worry. Having a baby always takes a long time.

Miss Rabbit: Out of the way, everyone! My sister's having a baby!

(Mr. Rabbit gets everything out of the car trunk)

Mr. Rabbit: A kettle and plenty of toys. This lot should last us a good few days.

(Mr. Rabbit walks into the room in the hospital where Mummy Rabbit is with his hands full of stuff)

Mr. Rabbit: Oh! Where should I put all this stuff?

Mummy Rabbit: Back in the car. We don't need it now.

Mr. Rabbit: What?!

Rebecca: (squeaks) Daddy! You missed all the excitement!

Mr. Rabbit: Have I?! (drops all the stuff) Is it a boy or a girl?

Mummy Rabbit: Both! (twin babies start crying) We've got baby twins!

Mr. Rabbit: Wow!

Narrator: It is the next day, and Mummy Rabbit is home from hospital.

Peppa: (snorts) Hello! Can we see the twins, please?

(Twin babies babbling)

Peppa, George, Suzy, and Pedro: Aww!

Suzy: Are they boys or girls?

Mummy Rabbit: They're both! A boy ''and'' a girl!

Rebecca: They're called Rosie and Robbie!

Peppa: So, you did use both names!

Rebecca: Yes! (laughs)

Mummy Rabbit: Rosie Rabbit and Robbie Rabbit!

Peppa: They're the best names in the world, and we thought of them!

(Everyone laughs)
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 4 episode transcripts]]

