{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig have been tidying the house.

Daddy Pig: Mummy Pig and I found this old box in the attic.

Peppa Pig and George: Ooo!

Daddy Pig: Can anyone guess what’s inside?

Peppa Pig: Hmmm? Nope.

Mummy Pig: It’s full of musical instruments.

Peppa Pig and George: Wow!

Daddy Pig: They are a bit old and dusty.

Mummy Pig: This is the violin I used to play when I was little.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, can you play your violin?

Mummy Pig: I haven’t played it for a long time.

Peppa Pig: Please, Mummy. Please play it.

Mummy Pig: I hope I haven’t forgotten how.

Daddy Pig: Bravo!

Peppa Pig: Hurrah!

Peppa Pig: Mummy, can I play the violin?

Mummy Pig: Hold it like this.

Peppa Pig: Yes, Mummy.

Daddy Pig and Mummy Pig: Oh!

Narrator: Oh, dear. I do not think it is meant to sound like that.

Narrator: George wants to try.

Peppa Pig: Hold it like this, George.

Daddy Pig, Mummy Pig and Peppa Pig: Oh!

Narrator: That does not sound quite right either.

Peppa Pig: The violin is too hard to play.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, maybe you’d do better with this tin drum.

Peppa Pig: Thank you, Daddy.

Narrator: That sounds better. Peppa loves playing the drum.

Mummy Pig: Lovely.

Daddy Pig: Yes, it sounds very nice.

Mummy Pig: This is Daddy Pig’s old accordion.

Daddy Pig: I used to play this to Mummy Pig when we first met.

Mummy Pig: Oh, Daddy Pig. You remember this tune.

Narrator: George wants to play the accordion too.

Daddy Pig: Are you sure, George? The accordion is quite difficult.

Peppa Pig: George, the “accrodion” is almost as difficult to play as my drum.

Daddy Pig: Okay, George.

Narrator: Maybe George is a bit too little to play the accordion.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, what other instruments are in the box?

Daddy Pig: Just this horn.

Peppa Pig: Can I try?

Daddy Pig: You have to blow it very hard.

Narrator: That does not sound right.

Peppa Pig: It’s impossible.

Mummy Pig: I think I used to be able to play it.

Narrator: That really does not sound right.

Daddy Pig: Maybe it just needs someone big and strong like me.

Narrator: That does not sound right either.

Daddy Pig: Peppa’s right. It is impossible to play.

Mummy Pig: Never mind, Daddy Pig. Just stick to the accordion. You play it beautifully.

Daddy Pig: Well, I do play it quite nicely, even if I say so myself.

Mummy Pig: And I’ll play my violin.

Peppa Pig: And I’ll play my drum.

Narrator: Mummy Pig plays the violin.

Narrator: Daddy Pig plays the accordion.

Narrator: Peppa plays the drum.

Narrator: But what instrument will George play?

Narrator: George is blowing the horn.

Peppa Pig: Mummy couldn’t play the horn. And Daddy couldn’t play it. And even I couldn’t play it. But George can play it.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

