Narrator: Peppa and George are playing in the garden.

Peppa Pig: To me, George.

Peppa Pig: You threw the ball too hard, George. So the rules say I win.

Peppa Pig: Now it’s my turn.

Peppa Pig: I win again.

Mummy Pig: Peppa, George, today your big cousin Chloé is coming to visit.

Peppa Pig: Yipee, cousin Chloé!

Peppa Pig: George, Chloé’s a big girl like me. So don’t be sad if she finds you too little to play with.

Daddy Pig: I’m sure Chloé will play with both of you.

Peppa Pig: Chloé’s here.

Narrator: Auntie Pig has brought Chloé to spend the day at Peppa’s house. Chloé is Peppa and George’s cousin.

Narrator: Chloé is a bit older than Peppa and George.

Peppa Pig: Hello, Chloé.

Cousin Chloé: Hello, Peppa. Hello, George.

Daddy Pig: See you later.

Cousin Chloé: Do you want to play a game?

Peppa Pig: Yes, let’s play catch.

Narrator: Peppa loves playing catch.

Cousin Chloé: Do you still play catch? That’s a game for little children.

Peppa Pig: Oh. We only play catch because George likes it.

Cousin Chloé: OK, let’s play it for George. Do you play it with the proper rules or the baby rules?

Peppa Pig: Proper rules.

Cousin Chloé: I’ll start. Peppa, you’re “it.” Catch me if you can.

Narrator: Peppa is it. She has to chase Chloé and George.

Cousin Chloé: Can’t catch me.

Peppa Pig: George, I’m going to easily catch you. You’re so little.

Peppa Pig: That’s not fair. You’re helping George.

Cousin Chloé: That’s because he’s little. Do you want me to help you?

Peppa Pig: No. I don’t need help. I’m a big girl like you.

Cousin Chloé: Come on then, Peppa. Try and catch us.

Cousin Chloé: Can’t catch us.

Cousin Chloé: Can’t catch us.

Peppa Pig: This is a silly game. Can we play something else?

Cousin Chloé: OK, I know a really good game for big children. It’s called Sly Fox.

Peppa Pig: Sly Fox! I want to play Sly Fox. What is it?

Cousin Chloé: One person is the sly fox, and the others creep up on them.

Peppa Pig: Me, me! I want to be the sly fox.

Narrator: Peppa is the sly fox. While her back is turned, the others creep up on her. But if Peppa turns and sees someone move, they have to go back to the start.

Peppa Pig: George, I saw you move. Back to the start.

Cousin Chloé: Got you. I win.

Peppa Pig: You moved before I was ready.

Cousin Chloé: The rules say I can move when I like, don’t they, George?

Narrator: Now it’s Chloé’s turn to be the sly fox.

Narrator: Peppa and George must stay very still.

Cousin Chloé: Peppa, I saw you move. Back to the start.

Peppa Pig: It’s not fair. You looked too long.

Cousin Chloé: The rules say I can look as long as I want. Back to the start.

Narrator: George is the winner.

Peppa Pig: Can we play a different game?

Cousin Chloé: Yes, but as long as it’s a grown-up game.

Peppa Pig: I know. Let’s play my favourite game. It’s very grown-up.

Cousin Chloé: George, do you know what Peppa’s favourite game is?

Narrator: Peppa’s favourite game is jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: George, if you jump in puddles, you must wear your boots. I’ve brought some boots for you too, Chloé.

Cousin Chloé: I’m too grown-up to jump in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: Oh. So am I.

Narrator: George loves jumping in muddy puddles.

Narrator: Secretly Peppa would love to jump in the puddle, but she wants to look grown-up.

Daddy Pig: I hear there’s some puddle jumping going on.

Narrator: Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig love jumping in muddy puddles.

Cousin Chloé: It does look fun.

Peppa Pig: Yes, it does.

Cousin Chloé: Maybe there’s a rule that says big girls can jump in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: Yes, that’s a good rule.

Cousin Chloé: Race you.

Peppa Pig: Race you.

Narrator: Peppa and Chloé love jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Narrator: Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles. Even grown-up girls.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

