{{Super Episode Template}}This page's a Transcript for "Peppa and George's Garden".

== Transcript  ==
----<br /><poem>
(The Scene starts to Peppa Pig's house, then peppa reads the Tittle. Daddy Pig's seen Walking with a Chair and sits of then.)

Narrator: Daddy Pig is sitting in his favourite sunny spot.

Daddy Pig: Ahh, what a perfect day for doing nothing!

Narrator: Daddy Pig loves doing nothing.
 
Daddy Pig: How could this be better? I know! A cup of tea! (Walks inside the Home.)

(Grandpa Pig is seen, Riding a Bike.)

Narrator: Grandpa Pig has come to see Peppa and George.

Peppa Pig: (She and George goes outside the House, Laughing) Grandpa Pig!

George Pig: Papa Pig!

Grandpa Pig: Hello, Peppa and George. you're going to have your very own flower garden!

Peppa Pig: Ooh! a garden, for George and me!

Grandpa Pig: I've got a packet of flower seeds for each of you. (Then Peppa and George grabs the Seeds laughing) Now we need a nice sunny spot to plant your seeds...

(Scene cuts to the Chair, who Grandpa Pig and Peppa Pig and George Pig finds the Great spot.)

Grandpa Pig: Here we are!

Narrator: Grandpa Pig is digging Peppa and George's garden

Daddy Pig: Oh!

Grandpa Pig: Ah! Tea for the workers! Thank you, Daddy Pig!

Daddy Pig: Err, what's going on?

Peppa Pig: We're making a flower garden!

Daddy Pig: Do we need a flower garden?

Grandpa Pig, Peppa Pig and George Pig: YES!

Daddy Pig: But that's where I sit in my chair!

Grandpa Pig: There are more important things than chairs, Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: But I always read my newspaper here!

Peppa Pig: There are more important things than newspapers, Daddy Pig!

Grandpa Pig: Yes, like flowers!

Peppa Pig: Look, Daddy! (Giggles while dropping the Seeds)

Narrator: Peppa has lots of flower seeds.  George only has one flower seed, 

George: Oh.

Narrator: But it is quite a big seed. (George then laughs.) 

Grandpa Pig: Could you fetch us some water, Daddy Pig?

Daddy Pig: Hmm.. Okay. (Goes for the House)

Grandpa Pig: Seeds need water to grow, otherwise they get very thirsty!

(The birds fly to the House.)

Narrator: Some little birds have come to watch.

Grandpa Pig: Don't let the birds eat the seeds, Peppa!

Peppa Pig: Shoo, shoo, fly away, birdies! (The birds don't Understant what Peppa is saying, And still eating the seeds! But....)

Daddy Pig: Here's the water!

(All the Birds go away.)

Peppa Pig: Daddy scared the birds away! (Giggles)

Grandpa Pig: Ho-ho! Daddy pig looks like a scarecrow! (He, Peppa Pig and George laugh of Daddy Pig, Offscreen.)

Mummy Pig: Peppa! George! Bath time!

Peppa Pig: Oh! But what if the birdies come back?

Daddy Pig: Don't worry, Peppa! I'll make sure the birds don't eat the seeds.

Peppa Pig: Thank you, Daddy!

Grandpa Pig: Good luck, Daddy Pig! See you tomorrow!

Daddy Pig: Bye! (Sits in the Chair) Ah, this is nice. (The Birds then fly back, AGAIN!)

Peppa Pig: Daddy! YOU have to be the scarecrow!

Daddy Dog: What? Oh. shoo! Shoo! Naughty birds...

(The birds go away.)

Peppa Pig: Now, stay there until the birdies go to bed.

Daddy Pig: (Chuckles) Ok, Peppa.

Narrator: All the birdies have gone to bed, Daddy pig can go inside now. (Scene cuts to Peppa Pig and George Pig's Bedroom) It's morning.

Peppa Pig: George! Let's look at our flower garden! (Both of them starts laughing.) Oo! Baby plants!

Grandpa Pig: Morning! (Takes a Look for the the Plants)  Ahh, your plants have started to grow, soon they will have flowers on them!

Narrator: A little snail has come to take a look.

(A snail sunddely walks into the Garden)

Grandpa Pig (Offscreen): Oh dear! Peppa, snails like eating plants.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa Pig, can you take Barbara to your garden?

Grandpa Pig: Umm.. Ok, I'll take care of Barbara.

(Scene cuts to the Kitchen, Where Peppa and George are eating the Breakfest)

Narrator: It is one week later...

Daddy Pig (Offscreen): Peppa! George! Come and look!

(Peppa and George run out of the House)

Peppa Pig: My flowers! They're so pretty!

Daddy Pig: And look at George's plant!

Peppa Pig: It's a beanstalk! and it goes all the way up to a giant's castle.

Daddy Pig: (Chuckles) No, Peppa. but it does go quite high!

Peppa Pig: George's flower is taller than our house!

Grandpa Pig: Ho-ho! George's grown a sunflower. Well done, George!

(George then snorts twice)

Peppa Pig: I love our flower garden!

Grandpa Pig: Now let's make you a vegetable garden.

Daddy Pig: But that's where I sit in my chair!

Peppa Pig: There are more important things than chairs, Daddy Pig.

Grandpa Pig: Like tomatoes, carrots and potatoes.

Daddy Pig: I do like a nice potato.

(Everyone laughs and Fall Backyards.)

Narrator: Daddy Pig loves potatoes! Everyone loves potatoes!

[THE END]
</poem>
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 4 episode transcripts]]

