(Peppa Pig and Mummy Pig are in their car, travelling at night, with Peppa in her pyjamas, holding her teddy and has a bag next to her)

Narrator: It is nighttime. Peppa is going to a sleepover at Zoe Zebra's house.

(Peppa snorts and giggles)

(Both mother and daughter jump out the car as they arrive)

Peppa Pig: *Oink* Hello Zoe!

Zoe Zebra: Hi, Peppa! Welcome to my sleepover!

Mummy Pig: I'll pick you up in the morning. Bye bye, Peppa!

Peppa Pig: Bye bye, Mum!

(Peppa, Zoe and Mummy Zebra enter the house. Zoe goes beside Rebecca, Suzy and Emily and they all laugh excitedly)

Narrator: Rebecca, Suzy and Emily are already here.

Peppa Pig: Hello, everyone!

All the others: Hello, Peppa!

Peppa Pig: I've got my teddy! *imitating her toy* Hello, everyone!

(Everyone giggles)

Narrator: Zoe has her toy monkey.

Zoe Zebra: OO-OO-OO!

Narrator: Emily has her frog.

Emily Elephant: Ribbit!

Narrator: Suzy has her owl.

Suzy Sheep: To-wit-a-woo!

Narrator: And Rebecca has her carrot.

Rebecca Rabbit: Carrot! Carrot!

(All the girls giggle and they run into the living room)

Narrator: Mr. Zebra is watching television.

(All the 5 girls sit beside Mr. Zebra, making him agitated as Zoe switches the channel from racing to Mr. Potato)

Zoe Zebra: That's better!

Mr. Zebra: I was watching that!

Zoe Zebra: But it was a bit boring, daddy.

(Everyone, even Mr. Zebra, starts giggling as Mummy Zebra walks in)

Mummy Zebra: *nickers as she turns the TV off* Daddy Zebra is going to bed now. He has to get up early to deliver the post.

Mr. Zebra: *exiting the room* Very well, Mummy Zebra.

Mummy Zebra: Don't stay up too late! *turns off the light*

Zoe Zebra: Goodnight, Mummy!

(Everyone giggles and get off the couch to take everything out of their bags)

Narrator: Peppa and her friends are getting into their sleeping bags.

(Zuzu and Zaza Zebra open the door and giggle and run up to the older girls)

Narrator: Zoe's baby twin sisters, Zuzu and Zaza want to join the sleepover too.

Zuzu and Zaza Zebra: Neigh!

Zoe Zebra: The sleepover is only for big girls!

(Zuzu and Zaza cry)

Peppa Pig: Aww...But they're so sweet and little.

Rebecca Rabbit: Can they stay? 

Zoe Zebra: Ok, but you must promise you stay awake!

Zuzu and Zaza Zebra: We promise!

(Both of the twins giggle)

Peppa Pig: Wow! A piano!

(Everyone runs to the piano. Zoe Zebra opens it up and jumps on the seat)

Zoe Zebra: I'm having lessons. Listen!

(Zoe Zebra starts banging all the piano keys and yells lyrics)

Zoe Zebra: TWINKLE TWINKLE LITTLE STAR!

Peppa Pig: Can I have a go?

Rebecca Rabbit, Emily Elephant and Suzy Sheep: And me!

(Everyone starts banging all the piano keys and yell the previous lyrics as Zuzu and Zaza Zebra jump excitedly)

Everyone: TWINKLE TWINKLE LITTLE STAR! HOW I WONDER WHAT YOU ARE?!

(Suddenly, Mummy Zebra storms in and flicks the light on)

Mummy Zebra: Shush! You MUST be quiet, so Daddy Zebra can sleep! Now, into your sleeping bags please! 

(All the children obey and pretend to sleep as Mummy Zebra flicks the light switch off and leaves)

(Everyone wakes up)

Peppa Pig: *oink* What do we do now?

Suzy Sheep: On sleepovers, there's always a midnight feast!

Peppa Pig: What's a midnight feast?

Suzy Sheep: We eat things...In secret!

Everyone: Ooooohh!

(Zoe Zebra gets up)

Zoe Zebra: I know where there's food, but you must be very quiet!

(All the children follow her)

(All the followers giggle as they make the room creak quite loudly)

Zoe Zebra: Shhh! Suzy!

Suzy Sheep: Shhh! Peppa!

Peppa Pig: Quiet!

(Everyone follows quietly, but they still make the room creak)

(Mummy Zebra wakes up)

Narrator: Mummy Zebra has woken up.

(All the kids run in making noise, with different varieties of fruit)

Peppa Pig: We're going to have the best midnight feast ever!

(All the kids giggle as the lights flick on again, and it scares them, making then run to their sleeping bags)

Mummy Zebra: What's going on?! You'll wake Daddy Zebra!

(She flicks the lights off agian as they all pretend to sleep but she walks up to them and calms down)

Mummy Zebra: Now who knows a nice, gentle bedtime story? 

Peppa Pig: *jumps out her sleeping bag* Me!

Everyone else jumping out of their sleeping bags: And me!

Suzy Sheep: I'll start! Once upon a time, there was a little fairy! Now your turn Peppa!

Peppa Pig: And she lived in the forest!

Rebecca Rabbit: She was very pretty...

Zoe Zebra: And she had a fairy wand! 

Mummy Zebra: Lovely!

Suzy Sheep: Your turn, Emily! Tell us what happens next!

Emily Elephant: Well...I'm not really sure...

Peppa Pig: Just say anything, Emily!

Suzy Sheep: As long as it's not boring...

Emily Elephant: Ok! The little fairy met a big monster, who went...

(Emily makes a really loud elephant sound, amazing Mummy Zebra and making all the kids jump)

Everyone but Mummy Zebra: EEEK! Too scary!

(Everyone laughs as Mr. Zebra flicks the lights on)

Mr. Zebra: What's all this noise?!

Narrator: Oh dear. The noise has woken Mr. Zebra.

Zoe Zebra: Sorry, Daddy. There's a story about a fairy.

Rebecca Rabbit: And a scary monster!

Peppa Pig: And we want to know what happens next!

(Mr. Zebra's mood lifts as he decides to continue the story)

Mr. Zebra: Very well! 

(He clears his throat)

Mr Zebra: The monster lifted up his big, hairy paws...

The children: Ahhh!

Mr. Zebra: *begins to walk, lifting up his arms* And walked along on his big, hairy feet...

The children: Ohhh!

(Mr. Zebra goes up to the piano)

Mr. Zebra: And he said...

(He plays the piano but in a calmer melody the children did)

Mr. Zebra: "Twinkle twinkle, little star! How I wonder what you are?"

(All the children fall asleep calmly as he continues playing for them)

Narrator: Mr. Zebra's song has sent everyone to sleep.
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

