Narrator: Today is the school sports day. Peppa and her friends are all here.

Madame Gazelle: The first event is running.

Narrator: The children have to run as fast as they can.

Peppa: I think I will win. I can run very fast.

Suzy Sheep: I'm faster than you.

Madame Gazelle: Ready, steady, go!

Peppa: I can run at a hundred miles an hour.

Suzy Sheep: I can run at a million miles an hour.

Papa Pig: Peppa! Suzy! Stop talking and run!

Peppa: Oh!

Narrator: Rebecca Rabbit is in the lead. Oh dear! Peppa and Suzy are right at the back.

(Everybody shouts encouragement)

Narrator: Rebecca Rabbit wins. And Peppa and Suzy are last.

Madame Gazelle: The winner of the race is Rebecca Rabbit!

All: Hooray!

Rebecca Rabbit: Thank you.

Peppa: I would have won if you hadn't been talking to me, Suzy.

Papa Pig: Now, now, Peppa. Remember, it's not winning that matters, but taking part.

Peppa: Yes, Daddy.

Madame Gazelle: The next event is the long jump.

Narrator: George and Richard have to see who can jump the furthest.

Peppa: George run as fast as you can, then jump as far as you can.

Madame Gazelle: George? Ready, steady, go!

Narrator: George has jumped as far as he can.

Madame Gazelle: Now, it's Richard Rabbit's turn.

Peppa: If Richard doesn't run, he won't jump very far.

Madame Gazelle: Richard Rabbit? Ready, steady, go!

Narrator: Richard Rabbit has jumped further than George.

Madame Gazelle: And the winner is Richard Rabbit!

All: Hooray!

(George Pig cries)

Peppa: George, remember, it's not the winning that matters, but taking part.

Madame Gazelle: The next race is the relay. Each child needs to pick a parent to race with.

Papa Pig: Peppa, pick me! Pick me!

Peppa Pig: But, Daddy, you're not very good at running.

Papa Pig: I was very good when I was a little piggy.

Peppa: But now you have a big tummy.

Papa Pig: But I can still touch my toes. Nearly.

Peppa Pig: Alright Daddy. But you must run very fast.

Narrator: The mummies and daddies will run the first part of the race and then hand the batons to the children.

Madame Gazelle: Mummies and daddies, ready, steady, go.

Children: Run!

Narrator: Daddy Pig is in the lead.

Children: Come on, Daddy!

Peppa: Thank you, Daddy. You did very well. Now it's my turn to.....

Papa Pig: Peppa! Stop talking and run!

Peppa: Oh!

All: Keep on running! Go on!

Madame Gazelle: And the winner is Emily Elephant!

All: Hooray!

Peppa: Oh! Daddy! I haven't won a prize yet.

Papa Pig: Don't worry, Peppa there's still one more event.

Madame Gazelle: And now for the last event of the day. The tug of war. Boys against Girls. When I say go, you must pull the rope with all your strength.

Peppa: The girls will win.

Danny Dog: No, they won't, the boys will win.

Madame Gazelle: Ready, steady, go!.

Daddies: Come on, boys!

Danny Dog: Come on, pull!

Mummies: Come on, the girls!

Peppa: Pull!

Suzy Sheep: I am pulling!

Narrator: Everyone is pulling so hard the rope is breaking.

Children: Whoa!

Madsme Gazelle: And the result is a draw. So both teams win.

All: Hooray!

Peppa: I love the school sports day. especially when I win a prize!

All: (Laughing).
[[Category:Season 2 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Transcripts]]

