{{Super Episode Template}}[The "10 Years of Muddy Puddles" intro plays, then goes to the episode, which starts off outside Peppa's house]

Peppa reading title card: The Golden Boots.

[[Peppa Pig (character)|Peppa]], [[George Pig|George]], [[Freddy Fox (character)|Freddy Fox]], [[Suzy Sheep]] and [[Wendy Wolf]] run out of the house

Narrator: Peppa and her friends are jumping up and down in [[Muddy Puddles (objects)|Muddy Puddles]].

Scene cuts to Peppa jumping in a Muddy Puddle

Song starts, the song is very similar to Old MacDonald Had A Farm

Peppa singing: Jumping up and down in muddy puddles,

Scene cuts to all 5 of them jumping in muddy puddles in time with the music.

All: Splish, Splash, Splosh, Splish SPLASH!

Scene cuts to George jumping in a muddy puddle

Peppa: With a big splash here,

scene cuts to Suzy jumping in a muddy puddle

Peppa: And a big splash there,

scene cuts to Freddy jumping in a puddle

Peppa: Here a splash,

Scene cuts to Wendy jumping in a puddle

Peppa: There a splash,

Scene cuts back to all 5 of them jumping in puddles

Peppa: everywhere a Splish Splash!

Scene cuts to Peppa jumping in a puddle

Peppa: Jumping up and down in muddy puddles,

Scene cuts to all 5 of them jumping in puddles again

All: Splish, Splash, Splosh, Splish, SPLASH!

Song ends and all of them laugh

[[Daddy Pig]] walks down from the house

Daddy Pig: Ho ho, *SNORT* somebody's having fun!

Peppa giggles

Peppa: We love jumping in muddy puddles!

Peppa snorts*

George giggles then snorts twice

Daddy Pig: And of course, later today, it's the big Puddle Jumping competition!

All of the Children: Ooooh!

Wendy Wolf: The winner of the competition, is the best puddle jumper in the whole world!

Peppa hugs Daddy Pig

Peppa: And my daddy, always wins.

Daddy Pig: Ho ho, *SNORT* I do tend to win, yes.

Freddy Fox: Mr. Pig, how do you always win?

Daddy Pig: A lot of hard training, and I follow a few simple rules.

scene cuts to all 6 of them

Daddy Pig: Who knows the first rule of puddle jumping?

scene cuts to Peppa

Peppa: *SNORT* if you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots!

Daddy Pig: *chuckles* that's right Peppa.

Peppa: And my boots are very special, because they are made of Gold!

Peppa lifts her left leg up, her Gold boots sparkle and sparkle sound effect is played

Suzy: *BAA* they're not gold, they're yellow!

Peppa turns around to face Suzy

Peppa: *SNORT* they are not yellow, they are real plastic gold!

Peppa lifts her right leg up and shakes it, sparkle sound effect is played

Suzy: They're yellow.

Peppa sings this in a little tune whilst skipping around, she skips past Daddy Pig

Peppa: My golden boots, they sparkle in glitter, my lovely golden boots!

Peppa spins around, in this scene if you pause at the right time you will have the chance to see Peppa's back turned, Also you can see Peppa facing foward

Suzy walks up to Peppa and smiles

Suzy: They're yellow!

Peppa turns round and skips the other way

Peppa: My lovely,

Peppa jumps

Peppa: GOLDEN BOOTS!

Peppa stomps rapidly

Suzy: YELLOW!!

Peppa: GOLD, GOLD, GOLD,

Peppa shouts

Peppa: GOOOLD!!

Suzy whispers

Suzy: Yellow.

Peppa: Gold!

Peppa puts her hands on her hips and then scene cuts to [[Mummy Pig]] coming out of the house carrying a tray of 5 glasses of Orange Juice

Mummy Pig: Anyone like some Orange Juice?

Peppa, Freddy, George, Wendy, Suzy and Daddy Pig run up to the house, take their boots off (except Daddy Pig, who is wearing actual shoes), leave them outside and go in

All of the children and Daddy Pig: Yes, please!

all the children giggle

A white duck walks up the hill

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Narrator: Oh, it is [[Mrs. Duck]], she has come to take a look at the boots.

Mr.s Duck *QUACK*

Peppa's boots sparkle and sparkle sound effect is played

Mr.s Duck jumps up and lands in Peppa's boots

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Narrator: Oh no! Cheeky Mrs. Duck is walking off with Peppa's boots!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Mr.s Duck walks off as Peppa and her friends walk out of the house giggling, Peppa realizes that her boots are not there

Peppa: Oh! Where are my boots?

Daddy Pig and Mummy Pig walk out of the house*

Daddy Pig: That's odd, they were right there!

Wendy: But now, they've gone!

Peppa: *SNORT* without my boots, I can't do the puddle competition...

Scene cuts to [[Mr. Zebra]] in his van driving. His tune sounds and then he beeps his horn. He then stops the car and gets out of it

Narrator: It is Mr. Zebra The Postman.

Mr. Zebra walks up the hill whilst whistling, scene cuts to Mr. Zebra walking up the hill and Mr.s Duck walking down with Peppa's boots on, Mr. Zebra looks at Mr.s Duck and smiles whilst waving

Mr. Zebra: Good morning!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

Scene cuts to Peppa's house in full view with Mr. Zebra walking over to Peppa, George, their friends, Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig

Mr. Zebra: What a lovely day for the puddle jumping competition!

scene cuts to Peppa, George, their friends, Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig, they are all frowning except for Mr. Zebra

Peppa starts crying (for the first ever time on the show!)

Mr. Zebra has his normal face

Mr. Zebra: Whatever's the matter, Peppa?

Scene cuts to Peppa and Mr. Zebra, with Suzy and Daddy Pig in the background

Peppa: I've lost my boots.

Mr. Zebra: Oh really?

Mr. Zebra smiles again

Mr. Zebra: I've just seen a duck with boots!

Mr. Zebra smiles with his teeth showing

Peppa: Were they Gold boots?

Mr. Zebra: Err, No.

Peppa: Umm, some people might think,

Peppa looks at Suzy

Peppa: Umm, some people might say my boots were sort of a,

Suzy smiles and nods

Peppa: 'Yellow' colour.

Mr. Zebra: That's them! Yellow boots!

Mr. Zebra turns around and points, scene then cuts to Mr.s Duck walking down the hill

Mr. Zebra: And there's the duck wearing them!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

scene cuts back to Peppa who then starts running after Mr.s Duck

Peppa: My golden boots!

scene cuts to Mr.s Duck walking along, Peppa runs after her and then slows down, she starts panting

Peppa: Mr.s Duck?

Peppa pants

Peppa: Can I have my boots back, please?

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

Mr.s Duck starts backing away

Narrator: Mr.s Duck does not want to give Peppa's boots back.

Peppa starts creeping after her, she is then followed by Mummy Pig, then Daddy Pig, who are creeping after Mr.s Duck too

Daddy Pig: There's no escape, Mr.s Duck, You can't just walk away from us!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

Mr.s Duck runs off

Daddy Pig: Oh.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck running

Narrator: Ducks can run!

Scene cuts back to Peppa, Daddy Pig and Mummy Pig

Mummy Pig: Mr.s Duck?

Mummy Pig starts to run after Mr.s Duck. Leaving Peppa and Daddy Pig behind, scene then cuts to Mummy Pig running after Mr.s Duck

Mummy Pig: Those are Peppa's boots!

Scene cuts back to Peppa

Peppa: Mummy! You won't catch Mr.s Duck!

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck running

Peppa: She's too fast!!

Scene cuts to Mummy Pig chasing after Mr.s Duck, Mummy Pig starts panting but she carries on running

Mummy Pig: Peppa! I may not be as fast as I once was, but I can run faster!

Mr.s Duck dashes away really fast and smoke appears (because she's running really fast)

Mummy Pig: Oh!

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck who is running REALLY REALLY fast. It almost looks like she is being shaken

Mummy Pig: That duck can run quite fast!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

Scene cuts to Danny Dog and Captain Daddy Dog on his boat, his boat is moared at the jetty. Daddy Dog then gets on the boat and starts fiddling with the controls.

Narrator: Captain Dog is on his boat with Danny Dog.

Daddy Dog: There, *WOOF* all ready to sail.

''(Daddy Dog stands proud and smiles.)''

Danny Dog: Daddy, you said [[Captain Daddy Dog|you were never going to sail again]], You said you were home for good!

Daddy Dog: Eye, yes I did say that, didn't I? Yes, my sailing says are over.

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck running along the jetty towards the boat, she then jumps on.*

Daddy Pig: Stop that duck!

Daddy Dog: Eh?

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Scene cuts to Mummy Pig, Daddy Pig, Peppa, George.*

Mumm.y Pig: Mr.s Duck has taken Peppa's boots!

Daddy Dog: No need to worry, Mr.s Duck has nowhere left to run!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK*

Mr.s Duck jumps into the water

Daddy Dog: Oh.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck swimming

Narrator: Ducks can swim!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Scene cuts to Danny Dog and Daddy Dog

Danny: Daddy, sail after Mrs. Duck! *WOOF WOOF*

Daddy Dog: But, I-I said I'd never sail again!

Scene cuts to Mummy Pig

Mummy Pig: Captain Dog, this is an emergency!

Scene cuts back to Daddy Dog

Daddy Dog: Oh, in that case, let's go!

Everyone goes on the boat and the boat sails after Mr.s Duck

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck swimming in the water, Daddy Dog's boat appears behind her

Mummy Pig: Captain Dog? Will we be able to catch up with Mr.s Duck?

Daddy Dog: Ho ho Mummy Pig, I think my boat can go faster than a duck.

Daddy Dog makes the boat go faster

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck, who then swims REALLY REALLY fast

Scene cuts to Daddy Dog

Daddy Dog: Hmm, that's a fast duck.

Scene cuts back to Mr.s Duck who's swimming REALLY REALLY fast, scene then cuts to Grampy Rabbit, who is sitting alone on a Desert island making marks in the sand with a stick.

Narrator: It is Grampy Rabbit, he is not happy.

Grampy Rabbit: What rotten luck. My boat sank and now I'm a castaway on this miserable little island.

Grampy Rabbit sighs

Grampy Rabbit: If only there was something to eat.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck swimming

Mr.s Duck *QUACK*

Grampy Rabbit: Oh!

Scene cuts back to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: A Duck!

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Daddy Dog's boat appears

Daddy Dog: Ahoy there Grampy Rabbit!

Peppa: Mr.s Duck has stolen my boots, and she won't give them back!

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit pointing at Mr.s  Duck

Grampy Rabbit: What? These yellow boots?

Scene cuts to Peppa

Peppa: Yes. My golden boots.

Grampy Rabbit: Oh don't worry Peppa, Mr.s Duck has nowhere to go, she's surrounded!

Mr.s Duck flies up

Grampy Rabbit: Oh.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck flying up

Narrator: Ducks can fly!

Scene cuts to Wendy, Freddy and Peppa

Wendy: Mr.s Duck is flying higher and higher!

Freddy: All the way to the moon!

Peppa: The Moon?

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck flying up

Peppa: Now I'll never get my boots back.

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Scene cuts back to All of the characters

Daddy Pig: Don't worry Peppa, Ducks can't really fly to the moon.

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: Why ever not? I've flown to the Moon before! Mind you, I was in a rocket, which helped a bit I suppose.

Scene cuts to Daddy Pig

Daddy Pig: *SNORT* Rocket?

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: Yep! That rocket on the next island!

Grampy Rabbit points to the island, the camera whizzes over to it to find a fully-built rocket standing on it surrounded by a lot of junk

Grampy Rabbit: I built it myself, out of bits and bobs of scrap metal.

Scene cuts to all the children

Freddy: Wow! A real space rocket!

Peppa: Grampy Rabbit?

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Peppa: Can you fly us to the moon?

Scene cuts to Mummy Pig

Mummy Pig: Erm, I'm sure Grampy Rabbit has lots of important things to do-

Grampy Rabbit: Course We Can Peppa!

Grampy Rabbit jumps on the boat

Grampy Rabbit: Captain Dog? Sail us to my Rocket!

Daddy Dog: Eye eye, Captain Rabbit!

Daddy Dog sails everyone to the other island then scene cuts to the island where Daddy Dog's boat is there

George: *SNORT SNORT* Wocket!

George giggles

Narrator: George loves Space Rockets.

Close-up of the Rocket, Grampy Rabbit walks up to it

George giggles again

Daddy Pig: Are you sure it's safe?

Grampy Rabbit: Safe as houses!

Grampy Rabbit bangs the rocket

Grampy Rabbit: Erm, Not that the houses are made for hurtling through space.

One of the fins breaks off

Grampy Rabbit: We don't need that bit.

Grampy Rabbit flings the fin backwards and it lands in the sea, scene then cuts to Mummy Pig

Mummy Pig: Err, I really don't think Peppa's boots will be on the moon!

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: Nonsense! Mr.s Duck flew to the moon and that's where we're going!

Everyone gets in the rocket whilst Grampy Rabbit counts down

Grampy Rabbit: 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...

Grampy Rabbit gets in and he looks out the window

Grampy Rabbit: BLAST OFF!

He shuts the window and the rocket starts up, scene then cuts to the rocket flying up, Peppa can be seen through the window. Scene then cuts into Space where the rocket flies past, scene then cuts to the rocket flying with Peppa in the window looking at the Stars

A Song then begins

Peppa singing: Flying to the moon, in a space rocket to find my golden boots!

Song then ends and scene cuts to the Moon, the rocket appears and it lands on the Moon

A close-up of the rocket is on screen as it lands, after it lands, all the characters get out, they are all wearing space helmets

Narrator: Peppa and her friends have landed on the moon.

Scene cuts to Peppa jumping along

Peppa: I can jump really high!

Peppa jumps and giggles, scene then cuts to Wendy Wolf doing a back-flip

Wendy: Me too!

Wendy giggles and scene then cuts to Peppa and Daddy Pig

Peppa: Is it magic?

Daddy Pig: Not exactly Peppa. It's because the Moon is much smaller than the earth. In simple terms, gravity equals

scene cuts to Peppa, who is bouncing up and down

Daddy Pig:  G x M divided by radius x2, where G is the gravitational constant.

Scene cuts back to both Peppa and Daddy Pig

Peppa: So... It's magic?

Daddy Pig: Yes. It's magic.

Daddy Pig smiles and scene then cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: Right, let's find that duck!

scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit walking along the moon, with the children following him. A song starts to play

Grampy Rabbit singing: Looking on the moon, looking everywhere,

Grampy Rabbit and the children walk up a spike on the moon

Grampy Rabbit and Peppa: Looking high and looking low, for the golden boots.

Scene cuts to Freddy Fox next to a crater, he then looks in it

Freddy: Are they in a crater?

Everyone pops out of it

Everyone except Freddy: No!

Scene cuts to Peppa standing on one leg on a Spike

Peppa: Are they on a mountain?

George, Danny, Suzy, Freddy and Wendy pop out of the side

George, Danny, Suzy, Freddy and Wendy: No!

Scene cuts to George running across the moon, Suzy pops out of a crater and Freddy and Danny join George

George, Freddy, Suzy and Danny: Looking on the moon, for the golden boots!

Scene cuts to Peppa walking on the moon, she then sighs sadly

Peppa: How will we ever find my golden boots?

She lifts her bare foot up and wiggles it

Suzy: *BAA* Let's ask at the shop!

Daddy Pig appears

Daddy Pig: Shop? Where? You don't get shops on the moon!

Suzy: You do, look!

Suzy points and Daddy Pig looks where she is pointing, the camera zooms over there to where there is a shop, where Miss Rabbit is standing at behind the counter wearing a space helmet, there are products for sale like Postcards, Mugs, Toys, Jam, Plates, Books, Newspapers, Washing Up Liquid, Coal, A Freezer (with frozen food in it), Tennis Rackets, Buckets and Spades and Space Rockets in bottles, most of these products have Space stuff on them.

Miss Rabbit: Postcards! Ice Cream! Buckets and Spade!

Peppa and Suzy walk over to the shop

Narrator: It is Miss Rabbit's Gift Shop!

Miss Rabbit waves to Peppa and Suzy

Miss Rabbit: Oh hello! Thank goodness someone's turned up!

Scene cuts to Miss Rabbit

Miss Rabbit: I haven't had a customer on the moon for YEARS and YEARS!

Scene cuts to Peppa and Suzy

Peppa: Miss Rabbit? Have you seen a duck, in boots?

Scene cuts to Miss Rabbit

Miss Rabbit: A Duck? On the moon?! That's a bit unlikely if you ask me!

Grampy Rabbit: Yes,

Scene cuts to Grampy Rabbit

Grampy Rabbit: Ducks flying to the moon, complete nonsense!

Mummy Pig appears and Grampy Rabbit turns to her

Grampy Rabbit: Why did you tell us to come here Mummy Pig?

Mummy Pig: What?! Erm, I didn't! Err-

Scene cuts to Freddy and Peppa

Freddy: If Mr.s Duck DIDN'T fly to the moon, Where can she be?

Scene cuts to the camera flying down from the sky, it then goes to Grandpa Pig's Apple Orchard

Narrator: Grandpa Pig is in his garden, collecting apples.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck walking along the grass

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck and Grandpa Pig, Grandpa Pig then turns around to face Mr.s Duck

Grandpa Pig: Mr.s Duck! Wearing Boots! *SNORT* Those aren't your boots, are they?

Mr.s Duck: *QUACK QUACK*

Mr.s Duck starts to back away, Grandpa Pig reaches his arms out

Grandpa Pig: There's nowhere for you to go Mr.s Duck! You're cornered.

Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck, who then backs into a tree and Peppa's boots come off her feet

Grandpa Pig: Mmm.

Scene cuts back to Grandpa Pig, he then picks the boots up

Grandpa Pig: These look like Peppa's boots.

He gets his phone out and dials a number, scene then cuts into space where Daddy Pig's phone starts ringing, he answers it.

Daddy Pig: Err, hello?

Scene cuts back to Grandpa Pig

Grandpa Pig: Err, Daddy Pig, has Peppa lost a pair of boots?

Scene cuts back into Space

Daddy Pig: Yes, she has!

Scene cuts back to all of the characters on the Moon

Daddy Pig: Grandpa Pig has found your boots Peppa!

Everyone: Hooray!

Everyone walks to the rocket

Grampy Rabbit: All aboard!

Scene cuts to all the characters getting in the rocket

Grampy Rabbit: Next stop, Grandpa Pig's garden!

The rocket starts up and blasts off, scene then cuts to the rocket flying past with Peppa in the window

Scene then cuts to Grandpa Pig's garden where he is petting Mr.s Ducks head and holding Peppa's boots. The rocket then lands next to him, with Peppa in the window. Apples fall off the trees in the background, Peppa opens the window

Peppa: My boots! My golden boots!

Peppa gets out of the rocket and scene cuts to peppa running up to Grandpa Pig

Peppa: Thank you Grandpa Pig!

Grandpa Pig: One moment Peppa,

He holds Peppa's boots away from her, making her stop smile

Grandpa Pig: We have to make sure these boots are really yours!

Peppa: Oh.

Grandpa Pig: First,

Scene cuts to Grandpa Pig fitting the boot on George

Grandpa Pig: Let's see if they fit George.

George wiggles his leg

Narrator: The boot, is too big for George.

Scene cuts to Grandpa Pig trying the boot on Suzy

Grandpa Pig: Now, Suzy Sheep.

The boot barely fits on her leg

Suzy: *BAA*

Narrator: The boot, is too small for Suzy.

Suzy: Oh.

Scene cuts to Wendy Wolf

Wendy: *GIGGLES* It's just like Cinderella!

Wendy looks at the camera, breaking the fourth wall.

Scene cuts to Grandpa Pig trying the boot on Peppa

Grandpa Pig: Now, Peppa.

The boot fits on Peppa's foot

Narrator: The boot, is just right for Peppa.

Peppa wiggles her foot and giggles, scene then cuts to all the characters, Grandpa Pig then puts the other boot on her

Grandpa Pig: Good. These boots belong to Peppa!

Peppa: My boots! *SNORT*

Scene cuts to Peppa only

Peppa: My golden boots! *GIGGLES*

Scene cuts to Mummy Pig

Mummy Pig: Now we can go to the Puddle Jumping competition!

Daddy Pig appears

Daddy Pig: Yes, we better hurry!

Scene cuts to the Puddle jumping competition where all the characters are crowded around one big muddy puddle

Narrator: The puddle jumping competition, is about to begin.

Camera zooms in

Narrator: Here is Mr. Potato.

Mr. Potato walks on screen holding a microphone

Mr. Potato: Let the jumping begin! First up is, Daddy Pig.

Mr. Potato looks puzzled

Mr. Potato: But where is Daddy Pig?

Mr. Potato looks around, Daddy Pig then walks on screen.

Daddy Pig: Sorry Mr. Potato, we got a bit held up.

Mr. Potato: Daddy Pig, are you ready to jump?

Daddy Pig: I certainly am!

Daddy Pig takes off his shirt to reveal a Blue and Red suit with stars on. He puts his hands up and the crowd clap. Camera zooms in on Daddy Pig, Chinese Jiu Jitsu-like music starts playing.

Daddy Pig: To jump in a puddle, I must think like a Puddle. I must become one with the puddle.

Drum roll plays and Daddy Pig jumps up really high

Daddy Pig: WAAAAAAAAHH!

He lands back down onto the puddle. Scene then cuts to Mr. Potato

Mr. Potato: A big splash, a very big splash!

Scene then cuts to Mr. Potato, Daddy Pig and a few background characters

Mr. Potato: Daddy Pig is the winner!

Mr. Potato holds up a trophy

Everyone: Hooray!

Daddy Pig smiles

Mr. Potato: The competition is now over!

Mr. Elephant walks over

Mr. Elephant: Eh, the competition isn't over, until I do my jump.

Daddy Pig: Oh.

Mr. Potato: Of course. Next to jump is,

Scene cuts to Mr. Elephant

Mr. Potato: Mr. Elephant!

Mr. Elephant jumps and trumpets in mid-air, then lands in the puddle with a big splash, scene then cuts to Mr. Potato, Daddy Pig, Peppa and Mr. Elephant

Mr. Potato: A bigger jump! Yes, Mr. Elephant is the winner!

Mr. Potato takes the trophy off Daddy Pig and gives it to Mr. Elephant

Everyone: Hooray!

Scene cuts to Peppa

Peppa: Can I have a go?

Scene cuts to Mr. Potato and Mr. Elephant

Mr. Potato: Oh, of course! Next to jump is Peppa Pig!

Scene cuts to Peppa and Daddy Pig, Chinese Jiu Jitsu-like music plays again

Daddy Pig whispers to Peppa

Daddy Pig: Remember Peppa, think like a puddle.

Daddy Pig goes off screen, Peppa closes her eyes

Peppa: Think like a puddle, think like a puddle...

Drum roll plays and Peppa takes off her dress to reveal a Blue and Red suit with stars on. She puts her hands up and the crowd clap. Camera zooms in on Peppa Pig, Chinese Jiu Jitsu-like music starts playing. When Peppa jumps up, landing in the puddle with only a little splash

Peppa: Oh. I just made a little splash.

Scene cuts to Mr. Potato

Mr. Potato: So, Mr. Elephant is the winner!

Everyone: Hooray!

Scene cuts back to Peppa

Peppa: Umm, can I have another go please?

Scene cuts to Mr. Potato

Mr. Potato: Ermmm, Yes you can!

Mr. Elephant: Wait a minute, but, but

Scene cuts back to Peppa

Peppa: And this time,

All of Peppa's friends run over to her

Peppa: Can my friends help?

Scene cuts back to Mr. Potato and Mr. Elephant

Mr. Potato: Err, of course!

Mr. Elephant: Hang on, I don't think that's really-

Scene cuts to Daddy Pig

Daddy Pig: It sounds perfectly fair to me!

Scene cuts to Peppa, camera zooms out slowly whilst Chinese Jiu Jitsu-like music is played again

Peppa: Think like a puddle...

Her friends join her, they form a circle around her and they all hold hands

All of her friends: Think like puddles. 5... 4.. 3.. 2.. 1... JUMP!

They all jump up really high

Peppa and her friends; WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!

Peppa and her friends land back down with a big splash, the mud goes all over them AND the camera, breaking the fourth wall

Narrator: Peppa and her friends have made the biggest splash EVER!

Peppa and her friends giggle and the Mr. Potato song (instrumental) starts playing

Mr. Potato: Peppa and her friends are,

Mr. Potato takes the trophy off Mr. Elephant

Mr. Potato: THE WINNERS!

Mr. Potato starts waving his arms around whilst still holding the trophy, everyone claps

Mr. Elephant: Err, I still think-

Everyone: HIP HIP HOORAY!

Mr. Potato song ends and scene cuts to Peppa

Peppa: It's sooo nice to have my golden boots again!

Suzy walks over to her

Suzy: I still think say they're yellow!

Peppa looks up

Peppa: Huh, they are my very own magic golden boots!

Peppa smiles

Suzy: Okay... then my very own boots are, Ruby Red!

Peppa and Suzy giggle, Wendy walks over to them

Wendy: And my boots are Emerald Green!

Peppa, Suzy and Wendy giggle and scene cuts to Suzy jumping in a Muddy Puddle and the 'Jumping Up and Down In Muddy Puddles' song (instrumental) from the beginning starts playing.

Narrator: Suzy loves her Ruby Red boots!

Wendy joins her

Narrator: Wendy loves her Emerald Green boots!

Peppa joins them

Narrator: Peppa loves her golden boots!

Camera zooms out to see all the characters jumping up and down in muddy puddles

Narrator: Everyone loves their boots!

Peppa sings the 'Jumping Up and Down In Muddy Puddles' song from the beginning of the episode'

Peppa singing: Jumping up and down in muddy puddles,

Her friends: Splish, Splash, Splosh, Splish, SPLASH!

Scene cuts to Mr. Elephant jumping in a puddle

Peppa: With a big splash here,

Scene cuts to Daddy Pig jumping in a puddle

Peppa: And a big splash there!

Scene cuts to Wendy jumping in a puddle

Peppa: Here a splash

''(Scene cuts to Suzy jumping in a puddle)''

Peppa: There a splash

''(Scene cuts to Mr.s Duck jumping in a puddle)''

Peppa: Everywhere a splish splash!

Scene cuts back to Peppa and her friends jumping up and down in a puddle

Peppa: Jumping up and down in muddy puddles,

Scene cuts back to Peppa who is jumping up and down

Peppa: Splish, Splash, Splosh, Splish, SPLASH!

Credits roll, with Mud splats on the screen

Peppa: With an Oink Oink here
And an Woof Woof there
Here a Moo
There a Quack, Oink, Woof, Moo, Quack!
Jumping up and down in muddy puddles
Splish, Splash, Splosh, Splish, SPLASH!
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 4 episode transcripts]]
[[Category:Special episode transcripts]]

