{{Super Episode Template}}
Narrator: It is night time. Peppa and George are going to bed.

Mummy Pig: Good night, Peppa and George.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, Daddy?

Mummy Pig: Yes, Peppa?

Peppa Pig: I'm not sleepy. Can I have a story?

Daddy Pig: Maybe George is sleepy and doesn’t want a story.

Peppa Pig: George, do you want a story?

Peppa Pig: Say yes.

Daddy Pig: All right, I will tell you just one story.

Mummy Pig: If Daddy Pig tells you a story, you must both promise to go to sleep.

Peppa Pig: We promise.

Daddy Pig: Hmm, I think I'll tell you the story of the sleepy princess.

Peppa Pig: Is it a good story? It sounds a bit boring.

Daddy Pig: It's not boring. It's very good.

Peppa Pig: Is there a little princess in it?

Mummy Pig: Peppa, if you keep talking, Daddy Pig can't start the story.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, Mummy. Is there a little princess in the story, Daddy?

Daddy Pig: Yes, there is a little princess in it.

Daddy Pig: Hmmm. The Sleepy Princess.

Daddy Pig: Once upon a time in a castle there lived a little princess, and she was called the sleepy princess.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, why was she called that?

Daddy Pig: I'll get to that later.

Peppa Pig: Was the sleepy princess pretty?

Daddy Pig: Yes, she was very pretty. She loved looking at herself in the mirror.

Princess Peppa Pig: I am so pretty.

Peppa Pig: Who else was living in the castle?

Daddy Pig: Uh, well...

Mummy Pig: The others in the castle were the small prince, Queen Mummy and King Daddy.

Daddy Pig: That's right. They were all living there as well.

Peppa Pig: Did King Daddy have a big tummy?

Daddy Pig: Of course not. He was very handsome, like me.

Daddy Pig: Anyway, there was also a dragon.

George: Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: Dinosaur? Oh, yes. It wasn’t a dragon. It was a dinosaur. Living outside was a huge, fierce dinosaur.

Dinosaur: Rrarrrrr!!!

Daddy Pig: (to George Pig.) Rawrrrr!!

(George is crying over that scary dinosaur.)

Mummy Pig: Oh, dear. Maybe the dinosaur wasn't quite that fierce, Daddy Pig.

(George cries a bit.)

Daddy Pig: Sorry, George. No, the dinosaur was very gentle. It ate lots of grass. (He burps.)

Mummy Pig: Daddy Pig!

Daddy Pig: Oops, sorry. I was being the dinosaur.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, why is the princess called the sleepy princess?

Daddy Pig: I'm coming to that.

Daddy Pig: You see, the sun set and the stars and moon came out. And everyone got very sleepy.

Daddy Pig: But the most sleepy of all was the sleepy princess.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, are you sleepy?

Peppa Pig: No, Daddy. I am not sleepy at all.

Mummy Pig: But somebody is.

Peppa Pig: George, wake up. You'll miss the end of the story.

Daddy Pig: Well, Peppa might not be sleepy, but the sleepy princess certainly was.

Daddy Pig: Looking at herself all day in the mirror had completely worn her out.

King Daddy Pig: Let's carry you to bed. Good night.

Daddy Pig: The sleepy princess was so sleepy she had fallen fast asleep.

Mummy Pig: Thank you for that story, King Daddy.

Daddy Pig: You're welcome, Queen Mummy.

Mummy Pig: And our little prince and princess enjoyed it too.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

