{{Super Episode Template}}Narrator: Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig are making a treasure hunt for Peppa and George. Granny Pig is drawing the treasure map. Grandpa Pig is burying the treasure in a secret place in the garden.

Granny Pig: Grandpa Pig, have you finished? Peppa and George will be here soon.

Grandpa Pig: No need to panic, Granny Pig.

Narrator: Peppa and her family are here.

Granny Pig: Quick, Grandpa Pig. They're here.

Grandpa Pig: Almost done.

Narrator: Grandpa Pig just finished in time.

Peppa Pig: Granny Pig, we're here!

George: Grankey ‘ig!

Granny Pig: Hello, my little ones.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa Pig!

George: Grandpa ‘ig!

Grandpa Pig: Ahoy there, me hearties!

Granny Pig: Peppa, George, we've made you a treasure hunt.

Grandpa Pig: Somewhere in the garden is buried treasure.

Peppa Pig: Wow, treasure! Where is it?

Grandpa Pig: You have to look for it.

Granny Pig: Here's a treasure map for Peppa.

Grandpa Pig: And George can wear my pirate hat. Ahoy there, Captain George.

Peppa Pig: The map is a bit difficult. Daddy, can you help?

Daddy Pig: Of course, Peppa. I'm very good with maps. It is a bit difficult.

Granny Pig: Daddy Pig, you're holding the map upside down.

Daddy Pig: Yes, I thought as much.

Peppa Pig: It's easy! The red cross shows where the treasure is.

Daddy Pig: But where in the garden are those two apple trees?

Peppa Pig: Hmmm, I don't know.

Granny Pig: Would you like a clue?

Peppa Pig: Yes, please.

Granny Pig: The first clue is in a bottle. But where is the bottle?

Peppa Pig: I can see it.

Narrator: Peppa has found the first clue—a message in a bottle.

Peppa Pig: Look, everyone! It's a bottle!

Grandpa Pig: Well done, Peppa. Let's see what the message says. Oh, it's a message from a pirate.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, can you read the pirate's message?

Mummy Pig: Hmmm, this pirate has very bad handwriting.

Grandpa Pig: The pirate's handwriting is excellent.

Mummy Pig: No, I can't make it out at all.

Grandpa Pig: The pirate has clearly written: “Follow the arrows.”

Peppa Pig: Follow the arrows?

Narrator: George has found the second clue—sticks in the shape of an arrow.

Peppa Pig: Look, they point this way.

Narrator: Peppa and George are following the arrows.

Peppa Pig: Look, George, a key!

Narrator: Peppa has found the next clue—a key.

Granny Pig: Well done, Peppa. Now you just have to find the treasure chest that it unlocks.

Peppa Pig: But there aren't any more clues.

Granny Pig: Maybe you should take another look at the map. Look, Peppa. The map has two apple trees on it.

Peppa Pig: Here's an apple tree. And here's an apple tree. So the treasure must be here.

Daddy Pig: Let's take a look.

Daddy Pig: Oh, dear. There doesn't seem to be anything here.

Daddy Pig: Hang on. There is something here.

Peppa Pig: Wow, treasure!

Daddy Pig, Mummy Pig, Grandpa Pig, Granny Pig: Hurrah!

Grandpa Pig: Well done.

Peppa Pig: I've got the key to open it.

Daddy Pig: Wow, I can't believe it! Gold coins! They must be worth a fortune.

Grandpa Pig: It's better than that. They're not gold coins. They're chocolate coins.

Granny Pig: And there's a chocolate coin for everybody.

Daddy Pig, Mummy Pig, Grandpa Pig, Granny Pig, Peppa Pig: Hurrah!

Narrator: Peppa and George love chocolate coins.

Narrator: Everyone loves chocolate coins.

Peppa Pig: Granny, Grandpa, this is the best treasure hunt ever.
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

