{{Super Episode Template}}


Narrator: The sun is shining. It is a very hot day. 


Mummy Pig: What a lovely hot day.

Narrator: Peppa and George are wearing their boots. They’re going to jump in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: I love muddy puddles! (Jumps out a Muddy Puddle, but she Looks confused because the Puddle is dry)

Peppa Pig: Oh.

Narrator: Oh, dear. The sun is so hot that the puddles have dried up!

Peppa Pig: Mummy, Daddy, the puddles are all dry. We can’t jump in them.

Mummy Pig: Never mind, Peppa. It’s so sunny, you can play in the paddling pool instead.

Peppa Pig: Yes, the paddling pool!

Mummy Pig: First, you have to change into your swimming costumes.

Peppa Pig: Yes, Mummy.

Narrator: Peppa and George are wearing their Swimming costumes. Mummy Pig is wearing her Swimming costume. And Daddy Pig is wearing his Swimming costume.

Mummy Pig: Because it’s so hot, you need Sun cream.

(Mummy Pig passes Sun cream at Peppa, who gets a Bit disgusted)

Peppa Pig: Yuck! It’s all oily and yucky.

(Mummy pig passes Sun cream at George, who also gets a Bit disgusted)

George: Yuck.

Daddy Pig: What a fuss about nothing.

Mummy Pig: Yes, we all need Sun cream today.

Daddy Pig: Oh!

Daddy Pig: Come on, George! Let’s get some air into this paddling pool.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is pumping up the Paddlling pool.

(Daddy Pig finished to Pump the Paddlling Pool)

Daddy Pig: Easy as pie.

Narrator: Peppa holds the hose, and Mummy Pig turns on the water.

Peppa Pig: Where’s the Water?

(Peppa checks out the Hose, and Fires water on her. After it Makes the Paddlling Pool full of Water)

Narrator: Peppa and George love their paddling pool.

Miss Rabbit: Ice Cream! Ice Cream!

Peppa Pig: Miss Rabbit, the ice cream lady!

Miss Rabbit: Ice Cream!

Narrator: On very hot days, Miss Rabbit sells Ice Cream.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, Daddy, can George and I have an ice cream please?

Mummy Pig: Oh well, I suppose it is an especially hot day.

Peppa Pig: Hurrah!

Daddy Pig: Please, can I have one as well?

Narrator: Everyone likes Ice Cream.

Miss Rabbit: Hello, Mummy Pig, Peppa and George.

Mummy Pig: Hello, Miss Rabbit.

Miss Rabbit: What Ice creams would you like?

Peppa Pig: Can I have a cone please, Miss Rabbit?

Miss Rabbit: Of course you may, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Thank you!

Mummy Pig: The same for me and one for Daddy Pig, please.

Miss Rabbit: And what would young Mr George like?

George: Dinosaur!

Miss Rabbit: A Dinosaur?

Peppa Pig: Silly George. He always says Dinosaur for everything.

Miss Rabbit: Well, it just so happens that I do have a Dinosaur.

George: Dine-saw, grrr!

Mummy Pig: George, you should eat your Ice lolly before it melts.

George: Dinosaur!

Narrator: George loves his Dinosaur ice lolly so much he doesn’t want to eat it.

Mummy Pig: Thank you, Miss Rabbit!



Miss Rabbit: Enjoy the weather!



Mummy Pig: George, I really think you should eat your ice lolly before it melts... (The ice lolly melted and fails in the ground) fails in the ground.

(George Pig cries)

Narrator: Oh, dear!  George's Dinosaur ice lolly has melted and fallen in the ground.

Mummy Pig: Never Mind George. You can share Daddy's ice cream. I'm sure he won't mind!

(George Pig giggles and licks the ice cream.)

Narrator: It is so warm Daddy Pig has fallen asleep.

Mummy Pig: Daddy Pig does look HOT...

Peppa Pig: Let’s tip Water on Daddy to cool him down.

Mummy Pig: Good idea, Peppa!

(Splash! The Water tiped over Daddy Pig!)

Daddy Pig: What happened?

Mummy Pig: You were all red and hot, Daddy Pig.

Peppa Pig: So we tipped water on you.

Daddy Pig: Oh, I see. Thank you, Peppa!

Peppa Pig: Look! The puddles are back!

Peppa Pig: Quick, George! Let’s get our boots.

Narrator: Peppa and George are wearing their boots.

Narrator: Peppa and George love the hot day, but most of all they love jumping up and down in puddles.

(The Episode ends)
[[Category:Transcripts]]
[[Category:Season 1 episode transcripts]]

