Princess Bubblegum::: Ladies and gentlemen, I have invented time travel. This phasical sphere is flooded with info waves that scan every second, logging every molecule that passes through its volume.I made special gloves for it.
Princess Bubblegum::: Now check it out! It's logging time.
Princess Bubblegum:::I'll set the clock back now. 
Princess Bubblegum:::Now I'll push the time travel button.
Jake:::Eh... It's not really time travel, though. You just, you know, moved their stuff around. You didn't really manipulate time. Ice King's done it better before... with magic.
Mudscamp:::Well, I enjoyed your presentation very much, Princess. Thank you for inviting me.
Princess Bubblegum:::No!
Princess Bubblegum:::For all intents and purposes, they traveled back to an earlier point in their time.
Jake:::Eh, I guess, but not really.
Jake:::I mean, Ice King did it for real. Guy pulled his fiancée out of time from a thousand years ago using magic.
Mudscamp:::Hey, time, where's my fiancée? Am I right? 
Princess Bubblegum:::Jake, don't deny my science. This is a time travel machine.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Take me back to when my ex-boyfriend Brad still loved me! 
Princess Bubblegum:::LSP...
Lumpy Space Princess:::Wha?
Princess Bubblegum:::LSP, that's not how it works. It can only rearrange your molecules into a previously logged formation, and you need these gloves.
Lumpy Space Princess::: Give them to me.
Princess Bubblegum:::No.
Lumpy Space Princess:::You witch! Give them to me now! 
Princess Bubblegum:::No, I'm sorry, but you need to pull yourself to—
Lumpy Space Princess::: You skunk!You skunk! You skunk! You pretty skunk! You don't know heartache with the whole Candy Kingdom in love with your pretty bubblegum buns!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Glob! 
Princess Bubblegum:::Hear me, Lumpy Space Princess, I will avoid declaring war on the entirety of Lumpy Space, ruled by your parents, if you apologize to me immediately.
Lumpy Space Princess:::I'm sorry-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y...I'm sorry you're sostupid. 
Jake & Punch Bowl:::Whoa! 
Princess Bubblegum:::Sheesh!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Everyone in here is a loser. Nobody's as good as Brad. Oh, Brad! Why can't I get over you?
Bartender:::Have you tried burning an effigy? That's what they do in movies.
Lumpy Space Princess:::This isn't a movie, Charlie, it's real life! 
Bartender:::Another cucumber water, Your Majesty?
Lumpy Space Princess:::What?
Lumpy Space Person:::Oh, I—I'm sorry for staring, but, uh, I—I know you. We used to—
Lumpy Space Princess:::Everyone knows me. I'm Lumpy Space Princess.
Lumpy Space Person:::No, uh, from high school. W-we were lab partners. I'm Johnnie.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Ugly Johnnie?
Johnnie:::Y-yeah, uh, you used to call me that quite a bit.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Yeah, but I can't call you that anymore! Come on, sit up straight. Lemme see them eyes.
Johnnie:::Mm.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Do it.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Nope. Can't call you that anymore.So, what brings you to the Candy Kingdom, Johnnie?
Johnnie:::Business, uh, actually. I own my own company, bottling and distributing Lumpy gas.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Mm-hmm. 
Johnnie:::And I'm up for a big contract, uh, here in the kingdom, which could really help my business "take off," so to speak.
Lumpy Space Princess:::That's so cool. You're like your own boss or whatever.
Johnnie:::To be honest, I'm a little nervous about this meeting tomorrow.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Why, Johnnie?
Johnnie:::I'm bad at talking to people.
Lumpy Space Princess:::That's because you have poor posture.
Johnnie:::Really?
Lumpy Space Princess:::You gotta stop slouching!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Now look me in the eye!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Yeah, stay like that.
Johnnie:::Boy, LSP, heh, you sure are making me feel good about myself.
Lumpy Space Princess:::You feeling good makes me feel good, Johnnie. So... where are you staying while you're in town?
Johnnie:::I'm sub-letting a friend's apartment.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Talk is cheap, Johnnie. You should take me there.
Johnnie:::That chair—oh, it used to be over there, but I moved it.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie, it's so nice. You've really made it your own.
Johnnie:::Thanks.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Ooh, records!Okay, wanna see something funny?
Johnnie:::Yeah.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Okay. Okay.Sit down!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Okay, are you ready?
Johnnie:::Heh-heh, yeah!
Lumpy Space Princess::: Okay! 
Johnnie::: It's his face, but on your body!
Lumpy Space Princess:::I know! That's the joke. My friend Melissa and I came up with that. You're smart that you get it.
Johnnie:::Boy, when this evening started, I was feeling so dump trucks, but now it's like a hundred forklifts!
Lumpy Space Princess:::I feel the same way, Johnnie.
Johnnie:::Do you feel this couch?
Lumpy Space Princess::: What?
Johnnie:::'Cause it's where you're gonna sleep!
Johnnie:::Seriously. It's getting late, and I don't want you walking home. So I insist. I'll be in the other room, sleeping peacefully... and dreaming about you.
Lumpy Space Princess::: Johnnie...
Johnnie:::Thank you... for everything. 
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie... go to bed already. You have a big day tomorrow.
Johnnie:::Good night! 
Johnnie:::Rise and shine! I hope you like pancakes 'cause I got—oh.I guess she'll be the one who got away. 
Lumpy Space Princess:::Looking for someone?
Johnnie:::You're still here!
Lumpy Space Princess:::'Course I am! Now make me some breakfast! 
Lumpy Space Princess:::Okay, Johnnie, good luck at your meeting. And remember, I'll be right over there,sending you good vibes while you're wowing Princess Bubblegum.
Banana Guard:::Yo, why are you so confident, man? Aren't you nervous to meet the princess?
Johnnie:::Nope! My GF is back at my place sending me good vibes.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie's friend has so many movie channels.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Ha-ha, that movie was so dumb.Oh, poop! Johnnie's meeting! I wonder how it went.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie! Oh, Johnnie, you're home! How'd it go? Oh, don't keep me in suspense, Johnnie!
Johnnie:::I did it, babe! I landed the sale!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie, that's wonderful!
Johnnie:::And I couldn't have done it without you.
Lumpy Space Princess:::I know!
Johnnie:::And here's the best part! She wants me back at the castle tonight to go over the contracts during a royal dinner.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Oh, my Glob! It's gonna be so nice to have dinner inside the castle. It's been a while.
Johnnie:::Oh. No. It's a business meeting, not social. Just me and the princess, I'm afraid.
Lumpy Space Princess:::What?! 
Johnnie:::LSP?
Lumpy Space Princess:::So... Bubblegum thinks she can horn in on my territory? Sip from my soup after I cut all the onions?Yo, think again, tranch.
Mudscamp:::Who—who are you talking to?
Princess Bubblegum:::So how are you enjoying your time in the Candy Kingdom?
Johnnie:::Oh, it's just great. I met this amazing purple girl at the Candy Tavern.
Princess Bubblegum:::That's wonderful, Johnnie. Now tell me more about gas...
Lumpy Space Princess::: Oh, Johnnie... Ugly Johnnie, through my tender love you have metamorphed into Beautiful Johnnie Butterfly.Every relationship, I gamble with my heart. I go all in because the payoff is true love. I see you when I close my eyes, and thinking of you makes my mind feel light. All my problems fade away, and I can't help smiling. Heh. To let someone you love go into the arms of another takes a big person. I don't know... if I can be that big.Rah!Eh, ehh.
Princess Bubblegum::: We're under attack! 
Johnnie:::Can I help?
Princess Bubblegum:::No. Hide yourself beneath the tablecloth. There's cyanide-laced gum under the table. Chew it if you hear raiders break down the door. 
Johnnie:::Okay. 
Lumpy Space Princess::: Hi, Johnnie.
Johnnie::: What are you doing here?
Lumpy Space Princess:::I'm going to time-travel you back to when we first met at the tavern—back to when you loved me—so we can have a second chance.
Johnnie:::What?
Lumpy Space Princess:::Uh!
Princess Bubblegum:::Manfried, where are the Banana Guards?
Manfried:::Take a chill pill, Princess. I handled it.
Princess Bubblegum:::What did you handle?
Manfried:::You know. Someone drove their car in the door, but no one was driving, and it exploded, so I handled it.
Princess Bubblegum:::Mmm.Don't chew it! Don't chew it! Don't chew it! 
Lumpy Space Princess:::Johnnie? C'mon. Sit up straight. Let me see them eyes. Ha-ha. Uh.
Princess Bubblegum:::He's not here.
Lumpy Space Princess::: What? But I sent him back.
Princess Bubblegum:::The sphere would have had to log his molecules before you engaged the time travel function.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Well, then where is he?
Princess Bubblegum:::I don't know.
Lumpy Space Princess::: Then if he's gone, can you send me back...?
Lumpy Space Princess:::To before I met him so I won't have to remember this heartache?!
Princess Bubblegum:::If that's what you want.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Do it. Do it!
Lumpy Space Princess:::You witch! Give them to—huh, wha? What? Where are we?
Princess Bubblegum:::You asked me to use this.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Don't touch me!You pretty skunk! You don't know heartache with the whole Candy Kingdom in love with your bubblegum buns...! 
Princess Bubblegum::: 
