Princess Bubblegum:::Okay, Starchy. Now!
Starchy:::I'm on it! Do I - Do I just pull this lever?No!I'm on it.
Princess Bubblegum:::Excellent. These photos will help us find out what sort of forces Gumbald has amassed before we mobilize our troops.
Colonel Candy Corn:::What's that, dear?
Princess Bubblegum:::These photos will help us find out - 
Colonel Candy Corn:::I'm glad there's going to be another proper war before I kick the bucket. Wipe 'em out!
Finn:::Hey, Princess.
Princess Bubblegum:::Finn, you donked up my recon!
Finn:::I've got some important stuff to say.I don't think going to war with your uncle is a good idea.
Princess Bubblegum:::I don't have any choice. By building an army, he's forcing my hand.
Finn:::It seems to me that all these rhubarbs down through history don't do nobody no good.
Princess Bubblegum::: Finn, we all love how sweet you are, but sometimes we just have to buckle down and do things the ugly way. Excuse me. 
Colonel Candy Corn:::It's gonna happen, son. Best thing to do is sharpen your sword and stock up on flower wreaths. 
Finn:::You're dark, Colonel Candy Corn.
Jake:::How'd it go?
Finn:::No good. PB is on the road to war.
Finn:::Jake, it's up to us to fix things with Uncle Gumbald.
Jake:::Didn't he try to kill you with monsters made out of your own baby teeth?
Banana Guard 1:::Take that banana face!
Banana Guard 2::: Uh, take this, you banana face.
Finn:::Does everyone have to get caught up in this mentality? I'm going to march right over to Gumbaldia on a last-ditch diplomatic mission. Want to come?
Jake::: Do I?This is cute, right?
Finn:::You bet! And that's the number one priority for kick-butt diplomacy - the cuteness offensive!
Finn:::Hey, this is kinda backwards, right?
Jake:::How so?
Finn:::I used to be all about violence. Now it's, like, I'm different.
Jake:::You're a beautiful flower and I love to watch you grow.
Unknown voice:::Halt!
Finn:::Gumbald?
Green Knight:::None shall pass.
Finn::: Fern.
Jake::: Cuteness offensive. 
Finn::: Okay.I don't wanna fight! I'm just here to see your boss.
Finn:::Fern, I know we have beef, but let's just talk. I didn't even know you were alive.
Green Knight::: You thought you had beaten me?Me?!
Green Knight:::Cool sword.
Finn:::Fern, stop!
Green Knight:::I used to want to be you. Now I'm a better you!I've proved it. There's nothing you have that I don't.
Jake::: Bark! Bark, bark, bark, bark! Bark, bark, baraaaah!
Lolly:::Boys! Boys!Stop all this roughhousing!
Fern::: Yes, Aunt Lolly.
Finn:::"Aunt Lolly" - she sounds kind of like mom, yeah?
Fern:::Hey! She was my mom too!
Finn:::I know, man. We're like family. So why are we fighting?
Lolly::: Sorry about him. Now what's a sweet boy like you doing here?
Finn:::I'm trying to stop this ridiculous war. I mean, this whole thing is crazy, right?
Lolly:::Between you and me, honey, I don't want war either.
Lolly:::Gumbald is becoming so paranoid and erratic. All he talks about is baking that wretched, wretched cake. Maybe you can talk some sense into him.
Finn:::Did you say he's baking a cake?
Chicle:::Aah! A breach!But my secret plan is to never die!
Gumbald:::So, it begins. 
Finn:::Wait! I'm a diplomacy boy today!
Lolly:::Gumbald! He's just here to talk. 
Gumbald::: Traitor!
Lolly:::I think we can trust him.
Finn::: Stop.
Gumbald::: I'll hear your case boy, but I've got a busy day. We'll have to walk and talk.
Finn:::Look, PB doesn't want to attack you. You're gum from the same sidewalk. Like, just look at this bomb secret laboratory over here. This is exactly the kind of thing PB would have.
Gumbald::: Then why is she building up her arms?You see this? This is her forcing my hand. 
Finn:::But that's exactly what she's saying. You're both so unreasonable.
Gumbald:::You want unreasonable? Get a load of my unreasonably bad boy battle automaton! Her name is The Cake.My niece would never have the ambition for a project like this. But ambition is my whole deal! You want a closer look, boy? I grant it to you.
Gumbald:::This magnificent dessert shall make the whole war relatively swift and painless.
Finn:::So there's truly nothing I can say to change your mind?
Gumbald:::Princess Bubblegum has made her bed, and now she must lie in it. But not get back up because she'll be dead. 
Finn:::I was wrong about you. You're nothing like Bonnie.
Gumbald:::Wait. She'll have her cake and eat it too - because she'll be dead! The Cake makes her dead!
Gumbald:::What the -
Gumbald:::No! No, no, no, no, no! Aah!
Finn:::Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. The pain is astonishing.
Gumbald:::You could have let me die and saved your princess a lot of trouble. Maybe there is a way to co-exist after all.
Finn::: Hey-o. That's what I like to hear. Sorry. I'm worried if I turn my neck my head might snap off.
Finn:::So Jake is literally inside me, controlling my body and I'm standing in front of my girlfriend's entire family.
Gumbald::: No!
Finn:::This is my first ever girlfriend. I really want her to like me.
Jake:::So then I made him do a diaper baby dance! 
Chicle:::You're as funny as me - the funny one!
Finn:::Thanks, Chicle. But, if I could get serious for a second -
Gumbald:::No need, Finn. Your example has said more than words ever could. Chicle, fetch the celebration bucket. I declare all hostilities between Gumbaldia and the Candy Kingdom ended. 
Finn:::Yeah!
Jake:::Whoo-hoo!
Chicle:::Celebration bucket! 
Gumbald:::Be sure to give Bonnie a big hug from me when you tell her.
Finn:::You guys are goofballs.
Jake::: Blblblblbl!
Chicle::: Don't look at me! 
Lolly:::Now there's a guy who - who really cares about his hair!
Finn and Jake::: Oh, cousin Chicle!
Jake:::Man, I almost thought that was something really serious.
Princess Bubblegum:::I don't believe it. A signed peace treaty? Finn, you're amazing. I could hug you right no- ...Did you stop at a craft store on the way here?
Finn:::Oh, the glitter juice. It's part of a weird Gumbaldia treaty-signing ritual. Once I got to know him, your uncle was actually pretty cool. As I get older, I see the most important thing is to empathize with my friends and enemies. Like, co-exist instead of cutting off people's heads and stuff.
Princess Bubblegum:::Peps?
Princess Bubblegum::: You've been doused with Gumbald's dumdum solution!Gumbald!
Finn:::Where are you going!?
Princess Bubblegum::: Candy citizens, we are going to war!
Colonel Candy Corn:::Hoopty hoo, hoopty hey! Let's cut 'em up, folks. 
Finn:::I donked up.
Green Knight:::Don't halt. Continue running. I command it.
Gumbald:::My thanks to you all for joining me here today. I hope you're enjoying the hors d'oeuvres.
Gumbald:::It seems that the Princess avoided our attempt at a peaceful resolution. But it was still a good plan... Aunt Lolly.
Gumbald:::This magnificent dessert shall make the whole war relatively swift and painless.
Lolly:::Eh, I love to plan.
Crunchy:::Hey. What's a plan?
Gumbald:::Oh, cousin Chicle, you've still got it. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to unleash plan B. My formidable legion of Candy Kingdom haters. Ricardio, Bandit Princess, Samantha the warrior dog, Peacemaster, Me-Mow, Pete Sassafrass, Ash the Warlock, Sir Slicer, Scorcher, the Green Knight, and finally, the Iced King.
Ice King:::Uh, I think I might be here by mistake. What are we doing again?
Gumbald:::It's Gum War!
