Squirrel::: Raaaah! Raaah! Come on! Get ready, toids! Raaah! I'm mean as a bus, and I'm mad as rocks!
Peppermint Butler:::Gumball guardians! There's an enemy at the gates!
Squirrel:::I'm an all-you-can-eat maniac! Whoops! Aw, come on! Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Candy Person:::Whoopee!
King of Ooo:::Thank you, little candies. Thank you. You warm the wax heart of this poor king of Ooo! Now, I hear you asking, "King of Ooo, how can you be so wise?" I'll tell you how. Did you know that I am 8000 years old? Could be.
King of Ooo:::It's true. I'm that wonderful.
King of Ooo:::Now, Princess Bubblegum — she says she hasn't gone rogue. She says she's not a wild dog thirsty for blood. She says she's not a literal baby masquerading as an adult woman. She says a lot of things. Princess Bubblegum, you don't make sense!
Jake:::This guy's really working on me.
Finn:::Ennnh...
King of Ooo:::Yes, dear? Do you have something to say?
Mrs. James:::Mm-hmm. I'm James' mother, Mrs. James. My son got turned into a mutant mass and was exiled to the badlands by Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum:::Trehh! Boo.
King of Ooo:::Who isn't mad about their mutant children?
Candy dude:::What about Sweet P, King of Ooo? You threatened to burn down his mama's orchard.
King of Ooo:::I did. That is true. Sweet P, I was like a cornered animal. "I knew no' what thy doone." I'm sorry, Sweet P. Here. Psst — give me a kiss.
King of Ooo:::Do you hear us, Princess Bubblegum? Do you hear us?!
Princess Bubblegum:::Shhhhhhhhut up.
Peppermint Butler:::Princess, I'm sorry to disturb you, but I feel that you must campaign. The candy people are real dumb.
Princess Bubblegum:::I'm studying something that could be real important. Dah! This dumb election. It's not even —I mean, it's barely even —...barely even legal.
King of Ooo:::A barely and yet fully legal election — that's what my campaign manager told me. Let's hear it for him — Mr. X!Weird, right?
Princess Bubblegum:::And even being legal, I mean, I made everyone. I made their homes. The candy people are mercurial, but they're not dillweeds.
King of Ooo:::And this definitely legal election is in the jam-covered fingers of you, the people — the candies.So, go. Vote with your hearts. Vote with your minds. Vote for the candidate who's not a teenage gum-golem.
Princess Bubblegum:::I mean, they know that I love them.
Starchy:::And the votes are in. King of Ooo is our new princess.
King of Ooo:::Hey, hey!
Princess Bubblegum:::What?!
Princess Bubblegum:::Whaaaaat?! You dillweeds! You're a dillweed, you're a dillweed's secretary, and you're probably some dillweed I've never met! You're three dillweeds being dillweeds, and you're going to dillweed this place into the ground! And you — 
Finn:::Princess! Princess! I don't know what a dillweed is.
Jake:::Hey, PB, what's the plan? We pledged our allegiance to you.
Princess Bubblegum:::Your allegiance is to the kingdom.Dudes, I don't know. I don't know when I'll be back in charge — if I'll be back in charge. I need you both to stick around here and make sure the candy people are safe, even if it means working for a wad. Auf wiedersehen, meine champions. Mwah. Mwah.
King of Ooo:::There's a new golden and waxy mornin'. Good times a-comin'. You've got your warning. There's cheap healthcare, the workcamp's there. The general tone is laissez-faire. I'm a princess, I'm a princess. I'm a priiiinceeeess.
Princess Bubblegum:::What's up, Peps?
Peppermint Butler:::It's stuck.
Princess Bubblegum::: 
Princess Bubblegum:::Ho, no, no, no, no! It's okay, everyone. It's okay. Close your eyes and repeat your safety mantra — hoodie hoodie hoodup, hoodie hoodie hoodup, hoodie —
Peppermint Butler:::Princess?
Princess Bubblegum:::Huh? Oh. Sorry, peps. I'm just so used to having my citizens around to protect. This is gonna take some getting used to.
Peppermint Butler:::Permission to speak freely, ma'am?
Princess Bubblegum:::Granted.
Peppermint Butler:::This horrible dump does not meet the level of fancy to which I have become accustomed.
Princess Bubblegum:::Noted. Also, FYI — my Uncle Gumbald built this cabin with his bare hands. I spent my summers here when I was younger. Anyway, it'll probably take a really long time for the candy people to realize a bad ruler is worse than a good ruler. Plenty of time to spruce this place up.
Starchy:::Whew! Starchy thought life would be better under the King of Ooo, but now there's even more stuff to sweep.Poor old Starchy. Always getting the sweaty end of the lollipop.
Finn:::Hey, Starchy. What are you doing — sweeping?
Starchy:::Oh, uh, yes, sir. Yes, sir. Suh-wee-ee-eepin'. Yeah.
Jake:::Mm. Hey, is it me, or is getting purpler out here?
Finn:::Oh, yeah. I think that's the catalyst comet. Guess it's getting pretty close or whatever.
Jake:::Getting close? Should we evacuate or...
Finn:::What? No, no. It's cool, I think. It's just here to, like, shake things up, you know?It's okay. We've got sort of a — a relationship.
Starchy:::C-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-comet?! Oh, Starchy don't feel good about this.
Jake:::Starch?
Finn:::Eht.
Mrs. gumdrop:::What?! Oh, good Glob!
Jake:::Shouldn't we try and calm them down?
Finn:::Ehh, not after that whole knock-my-tower-over-onto-the-castle thing. A lot of guys got smooshed. They need to hear it from someone they really trust.
Finn:::King of Ooo!
Jake:::King of Ooo!
Finn:::King of Ooo?
Jake:::King of Ooo?
Finn:::King of Ooo?
Jake:::Wait, are you saying "King of Ooo"?
Finn:::What are you saying?
Jake:::I thought it was "kinkoff goo."
Jake:::Hey. You hear that?
Finn:::Downstairs. King of Ooo? King of Ooo?
Jake:::King of Ooo!
Jake:::What the —
Finn:::It's that guy from before. He's mucking around with PB's ship — added all kinds of engines to it.
Jake:::Hey!
Finn:::Hey, what do you think you're doing? PB don't let nobody touch her stuff — not even me, and I'm cool — least of all you, you sauce-tasting Brian-sniffer — whoa!
Finn:::Whoa, whoa, whoa! Yeeh! Yeeh! Whoa! Uhhh!No mercy, Jake.
Jake:::Aaaaah!
Finn:::Hey, I'm back —What the bing bong ping pong?! Gunther?!
Finn:::What the king Kong sing song?! Whoaaaa — oof!
Gunter:::Sayonara, suckers! 
King of Ooo:::Uhh...
Candy person:::Ugh!
Starchy:::Comet! Comet! Comet! Comet! Comet! Comet! Oww!
King of Ooo:::Aaaaah!
King of Ooo:::Toronto, I've been princess for four hours, and society has already totally collapsed. Plus, now the sky is falling, I guess. Is this possibly... Somehow my fault?
Toronto:::Pbbt! No way! Okay, look. Without your calming presence and selfless leadership, this situation would have been a hundred times worse. History will remember you as Ooo's greatest hero.
King of Ooo:::As always, the voice of reason. Once again, my saintly nature has compelled me, unthinking, to assume the burdens of others. But a true justice demands a true accounting. And truly this is all Bubblegum's fa-aa-aa-ault!
King of Ooo:::Oof! Good glob! What no-o-o-o-o-w?
Princess Bubblegum:::Looking good, Peps. Man, this feels kind of good, right? It's like we're building a whole new kingdom from scratch, only without all my beloved citizens this time... and their dull, pleading chicken eyes. Maybe the King of Ooo could hold down the fort for a little while. I mean, what's the worst that could happen? Anyway, I'm gonna get some fresh air. B.R.B. What the — why's it so purple outsi—
