Finn:::Hey, Kim Kil Whan. We solved the mystery of the haunted office. It was Clockbear the whole time... Yeah, uh, Jake's around here somewhere.
Jake:::Man, it's crazy to think I was born here. In this alley. Popped right out of my dad's head for some reason.Yaah! You scared me there, what with the appearing out of thin air and staring at me all creepy and now you're just reaching towards me.
Warren Ampersand::: Let's go, son. 
Jake:::Son? I ain't nobody's son but Joshua and Margaret! Though it is weird that you got exactly the same stretchy power as me.
Warren Ampersand::: It's not weird. It's fate! We have to leave, like -right now!
Jake:::Wait, can Finn come with us? We're kind of a package deal.
Warren Ampersand:::Oh, that's kind of a bad idea. Our home world's atmosphere is, uh, poisonous to his kind.
Jake:::Well then I'd better write him a note. 
Warren Ampersand:::Destiny calls!
Jake:::Whoa!
Finn::: Jake?
Jake:::Who are you, anyway?
Warren Ampersand:::My name is Warren Ampersand. I'm your alien bio-dad! Heh-heh. 
Jake:::Why do you keep laughing?
Warren Ampersand::: I'm nervous.
Warren Ampersand::: Welcome to your home planet - Nerraw.
Jake:::Great fantasy sci-fi vibe, man. And that black hole really adds an extra dimension to the place.
Warren Ampersand:::Years ago, I left this beautiful planet and traveled to Ooo to implant my destiny-rich, stretchy DNA into a compatible host.
Jake:::That explains a lot, actually.
Warren Ampersand:::But now I'm dying.
Jake:::What?
Warren Ampersand:::I used the last of my strengthto bring you home.
Alien::: He's here!
Jake:::Huh?
Aliens::: Is that Jake? It's really him! Did you see him? Look over there. Look. That's Jake!
Jake:::Warren, how does everyone know me?
Warren Ampersand:::Because you're the most important person to have ever lived. Behold! The Jakeseum!
Jake:::A museum? All about me?!
Aliens::: It's Jake! Jake! Jake! It's Jake!
Alien 1:::Will you sign my prophecy book?
Alien 2:::Will you sign my pretzel?
Jake:::This is wild. But it feels so right, you know?Hey! It's my fifth birthday party. And my graduation. And when I put a snail in my mouth. And when a snail put me in its mouth. And...No. I don't remember this one.
Warren Ampersand::: That's an artist's interpretation of the great prophecy. Tomorrow, you are prophesied to battle Ixcano, a monster with tentacles stretching across the galaxy to strangle everything. You alone can banish him to the darkness.
Warren Ampersand:::I've researched your world and created the ideal child room. See?Space stuff, dinosaurs, and cowboys.
Jake:::Cool. But you know it's a little late to try connecting with me, right?Is that clown cake for me? 
Warren Ampersand::: I got you something else, too. 
Warren Ampersand:::What do you think of your old dad's present?
Jake::: I love it! Still never gonna call you dad, though.
Warren Ampersand:::Oh, I wouldn't dream of asking. But I hope you don't mind if I still wear this. 
Aliens::: Good luck, Jake! Savior us!
Warren Ampersand::: This is the Sacred Temple of Pannishment. The temple door can only be unlocked by a stretchy dog.
Jake:::With key ha-a-a-a-a...Uh...
Warren Ampersand:::Beyond this door, there lies an ancient, awesome weapon called the Panzark.
Jake:::I am so ready for this. This must be why I can stretch.
Warren Ampersand:::Yeah, that totally tracks.
Jake:::Hup!
Jake::: This is so complicated and rewarding.
Warren Ampersand:::You're doing great, son!
Jake:::Almost there. 
Aliens::: Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake!
Warren Ampersand:::The Panzark!
Jake::: Yay!
Jake::: Saving the galaxy's exhausting. I'm dying... for a soft pretzel with mustard. 
Jake::: "Pri-tzels"! Oh. "Pri-vate".
Warren Ampersand::: Hello, there, you handsome young devil. Have we met?Oh wait, it's just me! I didn't recognize this smooth, young skin or these vigorous kneecaps.
Jake:::Oof!
Warren Ampersand::: It's another clown cake, with a side of cocktail hot dogs.
Jake:::Dude, weren't you, like, dying?
Warren Ampersand::: Shush, son!Ixcano approacheth!
Jake:::Oh, dang.
Warren Ampersand:::I'll go grab the Panzark.
Jake:::So how do I-
Warren Ampersand:::You just gotta stretch through the convolutions of the Panzark to activate its kill beam.
Jake:::More stretching, huh?Here comes the hero.
Warren Ampersand:::Stretch, baby! Stretch!
Warren Ampersand:::You're doing it, son!
Jake:::Ugh. This is too much.
Warren Ampersand:::Jake!
Aliens:::Jake! Jake! Ja-
Jake:::What's going on? Where's that Ixcano jerk?
Warren Ampersand:::I have a confession. There is no Ixcano. I made it all up.
Jake:::So... you're not really dying?
Warren Ampersand:::No, I was dying. I needed to siphon your precious stretchy essence to keep me young and virile. I use these belts as a conduit. The more you stretch, the stronger I grow! I've done it hundreds of times, to hundreds of sons.But I never felt guilty before. Maybe it's because you're so much cooler than my other kids.
Jake:::Well, I am cool.
Warren Ampersand:::Or maybe it's this feeling your kind calls... low-key affection? I- I low-key affection you, son. 
Jake:::I'm sorry, Dad.I wasn't powerful enough to destroy Ixcano! 
Warren Ampersand:::What? No. It was just me stretching the whole time. The Panzark. The people.
Jake:::You're just saying that to make me feel better.
Warren Ampersand:::I'll prove it."I'm Finn! I like pizza and dangerous girls." And here's Joshua!"I'm no Warren Ampersand, but I guess I raised you."
Jake::: Do more!
Warren Ampersand::: "I'm Lady! Neigh." Oh, I know. You like parties!Here's a bunch of party bears!
Jake::: Make more party bears! And make the tree house! Put party bears on the tree house! Put party bears in the sky!
Warren Ampersand::: Okay.
Jake:::Keep stretching, you old phoney. It only makes me stronger! 
Warren Ampersand:::Belt switch! But how?!
Jake:::Old-fashioned grifting, ya rube!
Jake:::My real dad taught me that trick.
Warren Ampersand:::But I was a proud pop!
Jake:::I'm the proud pop of a whole bunch of pups. The belt totally applies to me as well.See?
Warren Ampersand:::Five stretchy pups.
Jake:::Whuh-oh.
Warren Ampersand:::You saved me after all!Out of juice. I need those pups!
Jake:::Don't even think about it!
Warren Ampersand:::Can't wait to meet my grandkids and drain their essence. 
Jake:::Aw, nah!Leave my kids alone! 
Warren Ampersand:::If you destroy me, you'll be stuck on that rock forever!
Jake:::My pups are worth it! 
Warren Ampersand:::Not the singularity! I just wanted to live forever!I see now. This fleshy form has taken me as far as it can. I'm going 4-D, baby. 
Jake:::Bye, Warren Ampersand. Thanks for reminding me what it means to be a good dadby being the worst dad ever. Never even got a pretzel.
