Finn & BMO:::Birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday , birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday,birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday! Yeah! Yay!
Finn:::Nice job, Mr. Birthday Boy.
Jake::: Thanks.
Finn:::Man, you are like another year older, but you look good. Like, super good.
Jake:::Yup. Mom and dad passed down some pretty good genes.
Finn:::Oh yeah, mom and dad. Hey, did mom and dad tell you any stories about when you were born?
BMO:::Yay! Birthday story time, please.
Jake::: Well,it was a day like any other day...
Margaret:::There, there, baby. You're going to be a fighter.Just like your mother.Yes!Barrel roll.Ugh! 
Joshua::: Steak break.
Margaret:::Let's get started. 
Joshua:::These steaks are tough and stringy. Like you.
Margaret:::Oh, good one, dear.Hey, after dinner, what do you say we check the ticker-type for new cases?
Joshua:::Margaret, you're in a family way now. You should take a backseat from investigations.
Margaret:::Oh, come on, Joshua. Even with this ankle-biter, I'm as quick as ever. Sure, my waist is bigger, but that just means more bullets in my ammo belt.
Joshua:::You're missing the point, sugar. What if something bad happens? Let's say we're out on the beat, fighting some lowlife. He takes a punch, you zig when you should've zagged, and oops! Junior takes a knock to the noodle, comes out with the shiner the size of a grapefruit. I can't take that kind of guilt and neither can you.
Margaret:::I can take care of myself just fine. And besides, these babiesdon't come cheap. We need to work together as a team to bring in the bread. 
Joshua::: Yeah, you got me there.
Margaret:::Now let's get over to that ticker-type and look for some perps.
Joshua:::You relax, dear, I got it.Hmm. Let's get a look here. "Vampire girl spotted in the Grass Lands harassing sheep and cattle." Nope, nope, nope. "Small fire goblin burns down Candy Kingdom forest."
Margaret:::Hey, that sounds fun. Let's do that.
Joshua:::Wait, wait, here's one. " Woman's pies go missing in Bucolic Countryside where nothing ever happens." The perfect case for my pregnant wife!
Margaret:::What?
Joshua:::Now let's get an egg in our shoe and beat it. 
Tree Trunks::: Yes? Hello?
Joshua::: Afternoon, Mrs. Tree Trunks. We're Joshua and Margaret of Joshua and Margaret Investigations. And this isour boy. We're responding to a wire about missing pies.
Tree Trunks:::Oh, yes. A-a-a monster's been stealing my pies off of the windowsill.
Joshua:::A monster, eh?
Tree Trunks:::Oh, yes, you can see the monstertracks leading off into the forest.
Joshua:::Well, those tracks are as phony as a three dollar bill.
Tree Trunks:::The monster tracks are very real.My husband told me so.Wyatt!
Wyatt:::Aw, aw geez. You got me.
Joshua::: What's the big idea, Wyatt? Why'd you burgle your wife's pie?
Wyatt:::Because it's amazing! Oh, I can't get enough of it.
Tree Trunks:::You could just ask for seconds.
Wyatt:::But I want thirds and fourths! I want to stop when I want to stop!
Tree Trunks:::Oh, Wyatt.
Wyatt::: Oh, it's the only good part of my day.
Joshua:::Well, there you have it. The only monster here was this man's appetite for his wife's pie.
Tree Trunks:::Oh, no. But the monster is real. He snuck up and rubbed my elbow while I was gardening. And Leftenant Candy Corn said it came in through the window and touched him on the chest. Oh! Oh, now I got myself all scared. W-won't you check around to make sure no one is out there?
Joshua:::Of course. Probably nothing more than a peeper.Ha! These country yokels are all just superstitious. I bet you that old elephant sees a monster a day.
Margaret:::Joshua, look!Something way larger than Wyatt made them. These tracks look real. 
Joshua:::Hot cram! A peeping monster! Oh, this town would surely put up a collection to nab this guy. Oh, too bad you're preggo. We got to pass. 
Margaret:::Come on, Joshua! 
Joshua:::What? 
Margaret:::Ha ha!
Joshua:::Margaret! Margaret! Wait for Pappy! 
Margaret:::Hmm. The tracks end here. 
Joshua::: Hey, hey! Beat it, uggos!The peeper! 
Margaret:::I'll show that peepsie the pepper!Joshua, dear, I'm stuck!Joshua! The beast outflanked us! 
Joshua:::Gads!Boom!Do your worst, you masher. 
Margaret:::Joshua!Drop that daddy!Baby cakes! Oh, this is all my fault! 
Joshua:::Uh, yeah, pretty much.
Joshua:::Ah, good last meal. Okay, well, I got bit by a monster, a creature of the night. We both know what comes next for me.Just make it snappy, darling.
Margaret::: Don't.Don't be melodramatic, Joshua.I've been doing some research. Listen here. I think if we can get a sample of that creature's venom, we can use it to synthesize an antidote.Joshua?!Oh! Puddin' Pie!
Joshua::: I'm fine. Just got to pop out and fetch that venom.
Margaret:::You're about as fine as a canary in a cat mine!Oof! Hey, where's the fire, kiddo? You stay put.So's I can keep tabs on you.Feel better. Over. 
Joshua::: Come in, Margaret. Do you read me? Over.
Margaret::: I got the peep peep's trail. In pursuit. 
Joshua:::You have to say "over" or I think you're still talking. Over.
Margaret::: Joshua, I've stumbled upon the beast's lair.Just hang on, Honey Bunny. Over.Stay right there.What?!Ooh! Not yet!Come on, come on!What? What's your angle, slick? You poison my hubby, then play the innocent?And what's with all this baby paraphernalia? Wait a tick. Are you a baby?
Monster::: Uh-huh.
Margaret:::Oh, no! I must've scared the dickens out of you!There, there, baby. I'm so sorry... For this!I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.Joshua, I got the venom!Ohhh! Uh oh, this baby business is getting SERIOUS!Joshua!Ohhh! Ohhh! 
Joshua:::Margaret, stay away.Something's about to happen!
Margaret::: Something's about to happen with me too! 
Joshua:::Margaret!Shine the light, dear.Yowzers! 
Puppy Jake::: Hello, daddy.Hello, mommy.It's so nice to be here with you now.
Joshua:::Boy, Jake left a scar on my head the size of a nickel. I'll have to wear a hat now, Margaret. 
Margaret::: Well, I think you'll look good in one.Are you sure having him next to Jermaine is safe? We don't even know what he is. 
Joshua:::Of course we do, dear. He's our boy.
Margaret:::That he is.
Joshua:::Yes, we've got one boy that I gave birth to and one boy that you gave birth to. Let's never tell him how it happened.
Margaret:::Agreed.
Jake:::And so they never told me.
Finn:::Never told you what?
Jake:::I don't know. They never told me. Ha!
