Ice King:::Oh man, these things are gonna make me rich. It's like a big yamaka for the tummy. . Hmm. I think I'll keep this one for myself.Haute couture! Hmmm...Nice! Ooh, a little roomy. When did that happen? I am wasting away! I should probably go polish off that cheesecake in the fridge! 
Penguins::: *Distant* 
Ice King::: Hmm...Oh!
Penguins::: 
Ice King::: Now what are you guys up to? Ah, here's my man, Gunter.You're hanging with a bad crowd, Goonts. Alright guys, let me just rescue my cheesecake, and my Goonts.*Grunt* Come - *Grunt* Oh there you are!
Penguins::: 
Ice King:::A little Gunter, a little cheesecake......and a little fork!You know what Guntie, I am gonna take my time with this delicious cake. Take it reeeal slow.Mmm... Wheeew, getting full. Alright, maybe just another teeny corner. 
Ice King::: What's wrong, Gunter?Does Gunter want some cheesecake too? Nooo. Cheesecake is not for penguins silly Gunter. Nooo, nooo.
Gunter:::*Stubbornly* Wenk.
Ice King:::You win this round, Mr. Cheesecake! I'll just clean up a few crumbs and leave the rest for tomorrow.I've had enough for one day.
Ice King:::Ah!Gunter!*Sleepily* Hooh, my little pal. Gunter, I love- 
Gunter:::Wenk.Wenk Wenk Wenk!
Bow Penguin:::Wenk Wenk.
Bow Penguin::: , as she replies with "I'M ALREADY HERE *=)" Bow Penguin sees her from across the room, waving]
Bow Penguin::: *To Lumpy Space Princess* Wank Wank Wank!
Lumpy Space Princess:::That's so true, I Am the prettiest one here!
Lumpy Space Princess:::Come on number five!Five on number five to win!I feel lucky!Come on number five! Wh- ? I've got a lot of money riding on you to win, you jerk!Come on, you slug!Ugly, dumb walrus!Aaaah! *In Walrus 5's mouth* What did I do to deserve this? Gunter! Gunter help! I'm your guest of honor!
Lumpy Space Princess::: Gunter help! *To Walrus 5* I'm a princess, dummy! Get your mouth off me!
Lumpy Space Princess::: *Smiling* Gunter!Don't touch my stomach. 
Walrus 5::: 
Gunter:::Wenk!Wenk?in place of Walrus 5. His eyes light up and show Orgalorg's face. He opens his arms to embrace it. Walrus 5 chomps on him, and he gets stuck in its mouth. Two penguins wearing clown costumes enter the pit and distracts Walrus 5, who proceeds to toss Gunter away. Gunter hits his head on an ice spike and presumably blacks out]
Gunter:::*Continuously* Weeeeeenk. 
Green Alien::: The signal! The signal! We haven't had a communication from Orgalorg in thousands of years! He must be mad at us! Everybody kneel! Everybody kneel!
Dad Alien::: Better do as he says, kids.
Child Alien::: Mommy, who's Orgalorg?
Mom Alien::: Oh, well, eh...
Dad Alien::: Um... Uh, to be honest, we though he was just a myth your stupid grandparents told us so we wouldn't make out.
Elder Alien 1::: Yes! And you should have listened! 
Mom Alien::: *Pointing at the aliens* The elders!
Dad Alien::: Yes, the elders! *Pointing at the aliens* The elders!
Elder Alien 1::: We told you! Orgalorg is real. And horrifying!
Elder Alien 2::: But nobody would listen! You all just wanted to make out!
Dad Alien::: Uh, well, we're listening now.
Elder Alien 1::: After you had kids and they didn't want to listen to you, how did that make you feel?
Mom Alien::: Terrible.
Elder Alien 1::: Exactly. Anyway, so, makeouts.
Elder Alien 2::: Orgalorg.
Elder Alien 1::: Oh. Orgalorg is an ancient cosmic entity, who ruled the solar system with his cruel and deadly whims.The breaker of worlds, he was seeking evermore power. He desired to intercept a catalyst comet and absorb its essence.Thereby did he offend the king of mars, who decreed that Orgalorg should be cast down. And yes he was cast down, by the flaming sword of Grob Gob Glob Grod.Orgalorg was banished to an inhospitable planet where he would forget everything. Yay, even forget his identity, and from whence he came.
Elder Alien 2:::And the prophets say that the gravity of the planet did crush and compress Orgalorg into a more powerless and cuddlesome form. *Spookily* Oooooh! 
Elder Alien 1::: But now he's back. And whose fault is that? Makeouts.
Green Alien::: Behold! It is he! Orgalorg reaches out from the void! 
Gunter:::*Echoing* Wenk! 
Ice King:::Huh? Goonter? 
Gunter:::*In distress, continually* Wenk! Wenk! Wenk!*Panting* 
Ice King::: Gunter! That's a bad boy, Gunter!You wrecked daddy's stuff again.Some of your stuffing is peeking out.Okay Gunter, let's just...Boop.. Beep... Bip... Bop... And a bandage!See? You're practically back to normal my little Goonts!Here, take a look for yourself. Not bad Guntie. Not bad at all. [Gunter sees his reflection morph into a twisted grin, and then his mouth into an eye, creating Orgalorg's face, while Ice King laughs in the background
