Breakfast Princess:::We are delighted to host this year's Princess Day in Breakfast Kingdom! Please enjoy the continental breakfast expertly prepared by our Breakfast Chefs. Now, on to more pressing matters. Brigands have been attacking our western seaports, dozens of unregistered princesses roam the land, and trade deficits are at an all-time high. Historically, Breakfast Kingdom has traded one sack of sugar a month to Slime Kingdom in exchange for four eggs, but egg production has plummeted!
Slime Princess:::I can't just pop out eggs on command! I'm an artisan!
Breakfast Princess:::You have an egg in you right now.
Slime Princess::: How dare you?
Muscle Princess:::Yeah, and what about that peanut juice, Peanut Princess? My body needs juice!
Peanut Princess:::I'm not giving out a single drop of nut butter. Not until Raggedy Princess pays me!
Raggedy Princess:::Fine! Take it!Take all my socks!
Peanut Princess:::You still owe me a pair of jorts!
Lumpy Space Princess::: Aaah!You guys, I'm bored out of my face! I make a motion to stop talking about dumb stuff that's lame!
Breakfast Princess:::Oh, Lumpy Space Princess, I'm afraid you'll have to be patient with us and our petty disputes. Not all of us have achieved the self-sufficiency that I assume you have in your kingdom.Oh wait, that's right. You don't have a kingdom! You live in a box in the woods.
Lumpy Space Princess:::It's not a box. It's a rotting log.
Breakfast Princess::: Sorry, LSP, but the chair only recognizes real princesses, not bums.
Lumpy Space Princess:::What?! I'm like a cool hippie!
Breakfast Princess:::Whatever, freeloader. If you were invited to Princess Day, it must have been a mistake or as a joke. Am I right, girls?
Strudel Princess::: Ohh!
Lumpy Space Princess:::The joke's on you because I wasn't invited. I'm crashing! And I already ate a bunch of your food! What you gonna do about it, Princess Egg Breath?
All:::Ooh!
Cinnamon Bun::: That's true. She does have egg breath.
Breakfast Princess:::Okay, you've wasted enough of our time. Guards, take this pamplemousse out of my sight.
Lumpy Space Princess::: You didn't!Don't touch me! 
Marceline:::Hmm.
Breakfast Princess:::Okay. Now that the wannabe's gone, let's get back to princess business. O-Oh, n-not you, Princess Business. Uh, princess business. No, sounds the same. I'm sorry.
Marceline::: Hey, you want to ditch this jazz?
Princess Bubblegum:::I'd love to, but I'm really invested in this crossword puzzle.
Marceline:::Figs.
Princess Bubblegum:::Hmm.
Marceline::: LSP, wait up!Whoa.
Lumpy Space Princess::: Lousy Breakfast Princess. Pamplemousse. What is that even?
Marceline:::Yo, LSP.Sick tag.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Oh. Thanks?
Marceline:::You know, I like your vibe, dude. You don't take anyone's sass.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Yeah, especially not from that gross pile of greasy hash! She lumpin' humiliated me!
Marceline:::Listen, let's get even. Teach Old Greasy Locks a lesson. 
Lumpy Space Princess:::You're bad.And I like it!
Lumpy Space Princess::: This place is huge! 
Marceline::: This place smells like butter, bacon, sausage, and juice.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Gonna mess with Breakfast Princess, 'cause she called me pamplemousse.
Marceline::: "Yobo, Peebocheeks. Just kicking down the town with LSP-boos. She is acting sooo bad."
Princess Bubblegum::: "Ha. Just don't let her get out of control."
Marceline:::"Too late. LSP is really doing it up right now. And I'm just feeding the flames."
Princess Bubblegum:::"Nooooo" exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point!
Lumpy Space Princess::: Look. There. Breakfast Princess' room.
Marceline:::How do you want to get past the Maple Man?
Lumpy Space Princess:::I'll show you, hon.Ooh! Aah! Hey there!Yeah, look over here!
Syrup Guard:::What? 
Marceline:::Nice distraction.
Both:::Right on. 
Marceline::: Ugh. I can't digest syrup.
Lumpy Space Princess::: That's for poisoning my girl.
Marceline:::Stop! Okay, just one more time.
Lumpy Space Princess::: I thought you were bad. Bad people don't stop.
Marceline:::Let's don't stop inside. 
Both:::P-p-p-payback!
Lumpy Space Princess::: Ugh. All her clothes are sticky. 
Marceline::: And her taste in music is terrible.Check it out. I hate this album, but I'm taking it anyway.
Lumpy Space Princess::: That's messed up!This'll teach Breakfast Princess. 
Syrup Guard #2::: Huh? Jerry!Who did this to you, Jerry?
Jerry:::I don't know, but they got past me.
Marceline::: We're busted. Turn invisible!
Lumpy Space Princess:::I can't.
Marceline:::Well,hide then.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Uh..Hide where? 
Syrup Guard #2:::I know somebody's in here. I-I heard someone say "where."Getting close now!No sign of the intrud..er.Aah! My eyes!Oh, smells like grapefruit.
Both:::Yeah! 
Syrup Guard #2:::When I recover my sight, I'm going to imprison you, you giggling girls!Aah!
Lumpy Space Princess:::I got this. 
Syrup Guard #2::: I don't see them.
Both:::Hey. 
Lumpy Space Princess:::Oh, glob. 
Both:::He's okay!
Syrup Guard #3::: Other Jerry, what happened?
Lumpy Space Princess & Marceline:::Yeah! 
Breakfast Princess::: Okay, let's take a lunch break, everybody.Oh, when I mean lunch, I, of course, mean breakfast.
Syrup Guard #4:::Your highness. There are vandals ruining the castle. They are bad.
Breakfast Princess:::Okay, I'll handle it.Fellow princesses, I got to deal with matters of state. My little sister, Strudel Princess, will take over for me.
Strudel Princess:::Eat the berries, dip them in the syrup, whoop whoop, want me to show you how?
Both:::Whoo!
Lumpy Space Princess:::A squirrel taught me how to do that.
Marceline:::That's awesome.
Breakfast Princess:::Stop right there! 
Marceline:::Hey! Calm your lumps.It's okay! She's just dazed. I'll handle it.Come on.It'll be okay, dude. Girls like us just got to stick together.
Breakfast Princess:::LSP, is that you?{{l
Lumpy Space Princess:::Oh, glob, no. Not even. 
Breakfast Princess:::What's this for?
Lumpy Space Princess:::For digging. Now start building a sand castle.Don't stop digging or we'll know! 
Both::: Whoo! 
Marceline:::Yeah.
Lumpy Space Princess::: That was totally fun being bad with you, Marcy.
Marceline::: Yeah, that was pretty rad.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Do you think, like, doing all that bad stuff makes us...like, bad people?
Marceline:::Uh...probably not. I don't think there are bad people. I think good people do bad stuff sometimes, and, oh, that's bad. But only if you do it once, it's just a mistake, and...that's not bad. I think.
Lumpy Space Princess::: Word.
Marceline:::But...I mean,I do think it was wrong to steal this CD.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Yeah, I feel kind of bad about that.
Marceline:::We should probably mail it back to her.
Lumpy Space Princess:::Yeah. Good call. I—Oh my glob! 
Both::: Pow!
Strudel Princess::: -Couldn't get up from the bed. I was lazy, and that's why I can't have frosting anymore. Okay, so does everybody have what they want? 
Slime Princess:::Wait, I think I'm ready to pop it. 
Strudel Princess:::Happy Princess Day! 
