Princess Bubblegum::: 
Finn:::Good morning, Princess!
Princess Bubblegum::: Finn! You scared me!
Finn:::I am sorry, Princess!
Princess Bubblegum:::What are you doing here, Finn?
Finn:::Since I got out of my last relationship, I've been slackin' on the job. So I'm rededicating my life to protecting, serving, and meeting your every need. Jake said I was acting bananas about the whole thing and wanted no part of this.
Princess Bubblegum:::It's 5:::30 in the morning.
Finn:::That's right, Princess. I'm gettin' back on the job hardcore, giving 100% of my being all for you.
Princess Bubblegum:::Thank you, that's very nice. 
Finn:::No need to thank me, PB. It's my job.
Finn:::Heh.
Princess Bubblegum:::Thank you. 
Finn::: How am I doin' my job, Princess? Am I crushin' it?
Princess Bubblegum:::Yes, but can you move just a bit...
Princess Bubblegum:::No, no, like, out of the way.
Finn:::Oh! 
Princess Bubblegum:::Okay, what else do I need? Aw, dangit, I forgot we're out of milk. Now I have to go get it from—
Finn::: Buh-buh-buh! I got it!Hyah!
Finn:::Milk... You wanted milk...
Princess Bubblegum:::Finn, I thought you went home.
Finn:::Yes, I do regret the slow return, but I assure you, this is the highest quality milk available. It's mink's milk. I milked a mink. 100% dedication, no limits for what I do for you. I'd throw Peppermint Butler off this balcony if you ask.Sorry, Peppermint Butler, just joking, but kinda sorta not.
Princess Bubblegum::: You're really going over the top here. Take it easy. Princess's orders.
Finn:::Okay, I'll just rest here.
Princess Bubblegum:::No, no, resting on the job is not resting. Go somewhere where you can relax!
Finn:::Yes, Princess. 
Finn::: Princess, I give my life to you girl, you are the best dang princess in the whole wide world.Wow, PB, sure is a nice day to be outside!Hey, watch what you say about PB, bro. Talk garbage about PB one more time, bro. See what happens!Hold on one sec, PB. I gotta deal with a real tough guy over here.You got one last chance to apologize before I dishonor you like you did my lady! Alright, bro, have it your way! Yah!Where's your pants bro? Where's your honor now? Everyone's laughing at your undies! It's real uncomfortable! Wants some!Wowzers!No!Did you drop this car on my lady, bro?!
Rattleballs:::Leave this dump now! 
Finn:::You dropped a car on my lady, bro. Now I gotta restore her honor. I hope you're wearing underwear.Whoa, dude's got awesome powers.Hey, dude, you got awesome powers!You gonna kill me, bro?
Rattleballs:::No. Instead, I will pluck out your eyes with the point of my sword, and whenever you try to see stuff, you will think only of me, Rattleballs! 
Finn:::Do it! I ain't a baby!Do it, bro! 
Rattleballs:::You have a warrior's spirit!Something I haven't seen in a long time. But your swordsmanship is . You should learn to master your weapon before you draw it. 
Finn:::What?! You're just gonna tell me I'm terrible and walk away? Teach me sword stuff, man! 
Rattleballs:::I know you're back there.
Finn:::I brought you a muffin.
Rattleballs:::I don't eat muffins; I'm a robot. 
Finn:::Look, I know you don't know me and we got off on the wrong foot, but please, dude, teach me how to use the sword. Please!You okay?
Rattleballs:::No. When I was a young robot, I went horseback riding. No one taught me how to post. The horse took a crazy jump, and I came down on the saddle hard. One of my gumballs bounced up inside me. It's been lodged in a weird spot for years.
Finn:::Oh, here. 
Rattleballs:::More to the left! Getting closer. Closer!You got it!Thank you!
Finn:::Yeah, perhaps you feel a sense of indebted obligation to me?
Rattleballs:::Yes! I will teach you the sword stuff.
Rattleballs:::Lesson one::: block my eggs! 
Finn:::Yut!Ha, got one!
Rattleballs:::Hahahahaha! Egg-celent! 
Finn:::Yeah! That's right! I can take it! 
Rattleballs:::You have done well today! You have felt the sting of the yolk, endured the sizzle of the mini-BBQ. Perhaps you are ready to learn my secret technique.
Finn:::Secret technique!
Rattleballs:::Watch! 
Finn:::What the—?! 
Rattleballs:::The shadowless thrust. Your blade must be swift enough to slice the air between you and the target, removing all wind resistance.Now you try.Again. 
Finn:::So, am I a master swordsman now? 
Rattleballs:::You will be if you train this hard every day... for ten years... and get a robot body.
Finn:::Oh. So, uh, why you livin' in this dump? You should be out in the world, saving fancy ladies and junk.
Rattleballs:::That, my friend, is a long tale... which I will tell you now.It was a much wilder time in the Candy Kingdom. I was a member of an elite robot police force created by Princess Bubblegum. Her previous attempts at law enforcement had been a bunch of goofs. 
Shop Owner:::Stop Him!
Banana Guards:::Go! Go! Go! Go! 
Rattleballs:::Our righteous swords cut a swath through the chaos, but we were too successful.Unfortunately, we were still programmed for violence. 
Princess Bubblegum:::One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two. Okay, robots, all the number ones, go stand on that platform over there. And all the number twos, just turn around and face the wall.And no peeking!
Rattleballs:::We were programmed to follow her commands 100%, but through sheer force of will, I was able to overcome it.We had been judged too dangerous to stay operational and sentenced to death! 
Princess Bubblegum:::Number twos! Chop, chop! 
Rattleballs:::I alone escaped, while my compatriots became minimalist furniture. 
Finn:::Oh, sorry! 
Rattleballs:::I've lived as a fugitive in this junkyard ever since. That is why you must never tell Princess Bubblegum about me. If she ever found out, she would have me destroyed.
Princess Bubblegum:::Rattleballs is still what?!
Finn:::He asked me not to tell you, but I cannot break my oath to serve you, my lady, 100%.
Princess Bubblegum:::Captain Root Beer Guy,assemble my guard! 
Rattleballs:::Hello, Princess.
Finn:::Sorry Ree-B-Z. My oath to the princess comes first, but once you two talk it out, I know she'll see you mean no harm.
Princess Bubblegum:::Banana Guards, destroy!
Rattleballs:::So be it! 
Finn:::Wait! 
Banana Guards:::CHARGE!WEEWOOWEEWOO!CHARGE! 
Rattleballs:::Rattleballs! 
Finn:::RB, don't!
Rattleballs:::You think I'm dangerous, Princess?
Princess Bubblegum:::Dang right I do! You killed all my banana guards!
Finn:::No, Princess, look! They're only bruised!
Banana Guards:::Hey, you hit me!
Rattleballs:::I no longer crave mindless violence. I have found peace in meditation, gardening, egg throwing. I also hope time has made you less bloodthirsty, princess, but do with me as you will. In my heart I still serve you, 100%.
TV:::Bigger pimples mean bigger dimples, so mash- 
Princess Bubblegum:::Ahem! Okay, everyone,I took care of Rattleballs. 
Banana Guard:::Oh! Wow! Cool!Show's back on!
Princess Bubblegum:::Everything's settled. I don't have to go back on my order, and you can protect the kingdom from the shadows.
Rattleballs:::Thank you, Princess. That's marginally better than hiding in a dump. 
Princess Bubblegum:::Wait!I dub thee Sir Rattleballs! 
