Lincoln:::  A formidable barbarian in a world of chaos, Linc the White-Haired trudges through the marshes. Though a mighty warrior he may be, Linc the White-Haired suffers.  He suffers from the curse of boredom.
Calyde::: Be easy, my fellow warrior. I mean you no harm. My name is Calyde of the McBride clan. 
Linc::: Greetings, Calyde.
Calyde::: I overheard your tale of woe, and I may be able to help you. For there is a tale of an ancient artifact that may remedy the boredom that beseeches you. It is said that the artifact has the power to manipulate a black mirror with visions of adventure, romance, comedy, and competitive baking skills. Surely this will alleviate your curse of boredom.
Linc::: So, do you know where this artifact lies?
Calyde::: Yes. We must travel to... the Downstairs of Doom.
Calyde::: The artifact is somewhere down there.
Linc::: Down the Stairs of Doom?
Calyde::: Yep.
Linc::: We'd better be on guard. Who knows what monsters lurk down there?
Calyde::: Right. Let's conquer these Stairs of Doom!
Linc and Calyde:::  Yeah!
Calyde::: Here we go- 
Linc::: Calyde, are you hurt?
Calyde::: Just my warrior pride.  Okay, yeah, I'm a little hurt.
Linc::: Look! 'Tis the mystical black mirror you spoke of!
Calyde::: Aye. The artifact is close.
Black Mirror::: We now return to Bake It to Make It!
Linc and Calyde::: The artifact!
Calyde::: A ten-headed beast is guarding it! We'll never get past a foe that fierce!
Linc::: We'll just have to be stealthy.
Beast Heads:::  Lana!
Lana Head::: It wasn't me! Come on, guys, we have the same butt!
Calyde::: Linc the White-Haired! Your sword!
Linc::: Calyde!
Lola Head::: Oh, I've had it with this! Moooooooom!
Lola::: Lincoln and Clyde are playing in their underwear again!
Rita::: Lincoln, if you're gonna play make-believe, please go outside and leave your sisters alone.
Lola::: By the way, nice undies, McBride.
Rita::: Lola!
Clyde::: Sorry we couldn't cure your boredom, Lincoln.
Lincoln::: Hmm. Actually, we kinda did. I was having a blast playing make-believe.
Clyde::: How about another adventure, then?
Lincoln and Clyde:::  Yeah!
Linc::: How about we go on a quest for the mythical, thirst-quenching Flippee?
Calyde::: Lead the way, Linc the White-Haired!
Linc and Calyde::: Yeah!
Grouse Wizard::: Wha- what the blue blazes? Put some clothes on!
