Rosa::: Vamos, Ronnie Anne. I thought we'd kick off our girls' day with a nice lunch.
Ronnie Anne:::  Woah.  Wow, Abuela. I thought we were going to Bruno's hotdog cart. This place is fancy.
Rosa::: You think so? Could you see having… Oh, I don't know… a birthday party here?
Sergio::: Pshh. I've seen better.
Rosa::: Sergio! Who invited you?!  Just wait until you taste the food, Ronalda.  Here, try the birria de chivo. It's my fave, as you kids say.  And don't forget to leave space for dessert. 
Ronnie Anne::: Woah.
Sergio:::  I can smell the dulces. Why are you torturing me?  Gracias.
Ronnie Anne::: Abuela, why are you treating me to all of this?
Rosa::: Ay.  Can't an abuela do something nice for her nieta?  Eat, eat.  And I have one more treat for our special day…
Sergio::: I'll have another treat too.
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, this is so nice, Abuela. we should totally do this more often.
Rosa::: I'm so glad to hear you say that Ronnie Anne because…
Rosa & Margarita::: Surprise.
Rosa::: We're starting to plan your quinceañera.
Ronnie Anne:::  My quinceañera? But my fifteenth birthday isn't for another three and a half years..
Rosa::: I know. I'm sorry for not starting sooner. Frida only took two years to plan Carlota's and the cake was very dry. What a disaster. But don't worry, Ronalda, I have a whole binder full of ideas.  I promise to devote every Saturday for the next three and a half years to planning the perfect party for you.
Ronnie Anne::: Every Saturday? You don't have to do that. I don't need a big party.
Rosa::: Of course you do. La quinceañera is a very important tradition. It marks the moment when a little girl becomes a young woman.
Margarita::: Whoops. Heh-heh. Gotta fix the timing on those streamers.
Ronnie Anne::: You should have seen her, Sid. I don't think I've ever seen Abuela more excited about anything.
Sid::: I think it's kind of sweet that she cares so much about your party.
Ronnie Anne::: Sid, all my Saturdays. You'll never see me again until I'm fifteen.
Sid::: Did I say sweet? I meant way over the top. I'm on your side.
Ronnie Anne:::  The whole day she was going on about family and tradition. How do I get out of it?
Sid::: Without bumming her out too much.  Huh. I'll run it by her. Nico says for the small price of a new tire swing and some bananas, he can keep your grandma so busy she won't have time to count to fifteen.
Ronnie Anne::: Deal.
Rosa:::  Bueno, Mr. Nakamura.
Mr. Nakamura::: My toilet's going off like Old Faithful. Doggy-paddle, Nelson!
Rosa::: Ah. Just a second, Mr. Nakamura.
Mrs. Flores::: Ay. There's a cowboy monkey riding my faucet like a bucking bronco.  Ay. No, no, Not the tortillas!
Rosa::: One moment, Mrs. Flores.  Hector? Where are you calling me from?
Hector::: The shower. There's no hot water. My burrito's getting cold.
Rosa::: Ay, it's gonna take all weekend to fix this mess.
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, that's too bad, Abuela. I know you're busy so we can cancel our plans for the day.
Rosa::: Nonsense. I'll just call the second to best plumber in the city.
Ronnie Anne::: Huh?
Rosa::: Let's go, Ronnie Anne. We have to see ten venues and start choosing the recuerdos.
Hector::: Hey! Give me back my burrito!
Ronnie Anne::: New plan, Sid. I convinced the tamale truck owner to hire Abuela to work on Saturdays. She'll be too busy to do anything else.
Sid::: Are you sure that's gonna work?
Ronnie Anne::: What's up gonna do? Cook, drive and party plan at the same time?
Rosa::: There, these tamal husks really came in handy. Let's get a picture to send to the dressmaker.  Say cheese.
Customer::: But I don't want cheese.
Rosa::: Good thing 'cause we're out of cheese. Here's your chicken tamal.  Smile, Ronalda.
Sid::: Hey, Ronnie Anne. Did your plan work?
Ronnie Anne::: No. My Abuela's unstoppable. We need to think bigger, Sid.
Ronnie Anne::: Carl promised me his plan is fail-proof. And since I'm doing his chores for a month this better work.  Abuela, special delivery. Ernesto Estrella just sent you one of his new personalized hologram messages.
Rosa:::  Ernest sent me a message? Where?
Carl::: Rosa, this special hologram message is just for you.
Rosa::: Why is he so short?
Carl::: Uh… Well, 'cause a mere hologram could never contain my true magnificence. Now, where was I? Ah, yes. Saturdays are bad luck. You must not plan anything on that day for three…  No, four years. Es tu desti…  No!  Lalo! Tries to make sense of this] You see? Even your dog is worried. Estrella. Ouch!
Rosa:::  Ronalda, if Ernesto says we can't do any more planning on Saturdays, then we can't do it.  We can't risk your quinceañera.
Ronnie Anne::: Aw, that's too bad.
Rosa::: We'll have to move the planning to Sundays.
Ronnie Anne::: What?
Rosa::: And since we need to add eight hours of vals dance training every week we better put that on Friday nights.
Ronnie Anne::: What? What? Now I'm gonna lose my Sundays and Friday nights too? I don't know how even she doesn't get tired of all of this.
Sid::: Hmm. But what if she did? What if you gave her a taste of her own medicine?
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, Sid, you're bad. So bad it's good.
Rosa::: Ronnie Anne, what are you doing?
Ronnie Anne::: Picking out music for the quinceañera. Little louder boys, for the people in the back.
Rosa::: Ronalda, what are you doing?
Ronnie Anne::: Giving you a fabulous hairdo for the quince. What do you think? I'm really feeling it.
Rosa::: What's going on?
Ronnie Anne::: What do you think of this dress? Extra puffy.
Rosa::: Ronalda!
Hector:::  No! My torta!
Rosa::: Ronalda, we need to talk about all this party planning.
Ronnie Anne:::  Is it too much? I mean, we can always put it off.
Rosa::: No. I've been dropping the ball. Seeing your enthusiasm made me realize that I should be doing better. So I cancelled your skateboarding camp this summer.  Here's a brand new binder of ideas for you to look at.  Read up, and later on, we can work on your speech.
Ronnie Anne::: That's it.  I'm gonna go tell Abuela I'm done.
Maria::: Ow!
Ronnie Anne::: Sorry, Mom.
Maria::: What's going on, Ronnie Anne?
Ronnie Anne::: Abuela's gone way too far with this quinceañera stuff. I can't do this anymore.
Maria:::  Look, Ronnie Anne, I know exactly what you're going through because she did the same thing to me. And I blew up at her, but then I learned that she was going overboard with the planning stuff because she never had a quinceañera.
Ronnie Anne::: Really? She didn't?
Maria:::  No, she really wanted one but her family couldn't afford it. So our quinceañeras are the next best thing to have one herself. Can you just try to be patient with her?
Ronnie Anne:::  You know what, Mom? I think I have a better idea.
Rosa::: Where are you taking me, Ronnie Anne?
Ronnie Anne::: You'll see. I found the perfect venue for the quince…  Your quince.
Party Guests::: Surprise!
Rosa:::  You did this all for me?
Ronnie Anne::: Yep. You're never too old for a quinceañera.  Time to get dressed.
Margarita::: And get your hair done.
Hector:::  May I have this vals, mi flor?
Rosa::: Si, carino.
Rosa::: I want to thank mi nieta, Ronnie Anne, for this beautiful surprise. I didn't realize that not getting a quinceañera had left such a hole in my heart. But now it feels so full.  I'm sorry, Ronalda. Clearly, you can plan the perfect quinceañera. No extra Saturdays or Sundays required.  So salud.
Ronnie Anne:::  I'll cheers to that. Salud.
Sergio::: Ooh, a pool party. Don't mind if I do.
