Lincoln:::  Lana, change the channel.
Lori::: This show is so boring.
Lola::: Ugh! There's nothing on TV.
Lana::: Oh no, what'd I do?
Rita::: Uh, I think the powers out, wonder if it's the whole neighborhood.
Lynn Sr.:::  Let's see, yup, a tree knocked down a power line in Oak Street.  Ah-ah, put those down. Who knows how long this blackout could last, we need to preserve the battery life on our phones. You too, Lily.
Rita:::  I'm sure you'll think of another way to entertain yourselves, just use your imaginations. Come on Honey, let's take a quick walk around the block and check in on the neighbors.
Lynn Sr.::: Good idea. Alright, kiddos, your mom and I'll be back in just a bit.
Lola::: Ugh! We're doomed!
Lynn::: Yeah, this is gonna be the most boring night of our lives.
Lincoln:::  Not necessarily. Clyde thought me a cool game we could try. One of us starts telling a story, then we pass it off to the next person, and they can do whatever they want with it.  Great! I'll go first.  Once upon a time, there was an awesome space cowboy...  ...flying around the galaxy. His name is Triton, he's been away from his planet for months, he's finally heading home, but all of a sudden, the ship begins to shake.
Triton::: Out of power? Dang it, I gotta find somewhere to land, fast.
Lincoln::: Triton lands on a foreign planet,  looking for something to power his ship, when he sees...  Okay, Lola, now it's your turn.
Lola:::  Ooh, yay.  So the weird space guy... 
Lincoln::: He's not weird, Lola, he's cool. 
Lola::: Ugh, whatever. So the space guy looks around to see...  A lovely young lady sitting by a pretty pond, her name is...
DeLola::: ...Princess DeLola.
Triton::: Hi DeLola, I'm Triton.
DeLola::: What brings you to my planet?
Triton::: Well, my ship ran out of power and I had to make an emergency landing. Does your planet have anything I can use to recharge my ship?
DeLola::: Well, we used to. We had a power crystal that was strong enough to charge just about anything,  but it was shattered into five shards when a mystical tree fell on it.  and the wind scattered them across the land.  As princess, it is my duty to find the five missing shards and reform the crystal, so I can bring power back to my kingdom.
Triton::: I'll help you reform the crystal, then we can both use the power from it.
DeLola::: Oh great, I don't have any shards yet, but I think I saw one in the bottom of this pond.
Lola::: They look into the water when...  Lana, your turn.
Lana::: Ooh, okay, they look into the water...  When a big frog jumps out and splashes them.  He's got, a... cool hat, a red one.  And his name is Rib... bon.  Yeah, Ribbon the Frog. Triton and DeLola ask...
DeLola::: Did you see a crystal down there?
Ribbon::: Oh, that really shiny rock?  I ate it, now I glow in the dark.  But I know where another shard is, I can lead you there, and when this one, uh, works its way through my system, you can have it too.  Follow me.
Lana::: Ribbon leads them into a forest.  But then, they hear... Okay, Lunes, it's all you.
Luna::: Awesome, so...  the gang heads deeper into the forest,  all of a sudden, they hear the jamming of an electric guitar.
Triton::: Wow, she's incredible.
DeLola::: Look at her guitar,  it's powered by a crystal shard! We have to get it from her.  Hello there, that guitar sure is... guitar-y, but, would you be interested in trading it for an even better instrument?
Rock Goddess:::  A better instrument? Sure dude, I'd like to see that.
DeLola:::  Ha, great, give us one moment. 
Luna::: DeLola, Triton and Ribbon, head back into the forest, where...
Luan::: Hmm? Oh, right. So they head into the forest where...  they spot a strange tree and hanging off the branches are all kinds of wacky instruments.
DeLola::: Okay, rock god lady, try playing this.
Rock Goddess:::  Woah! This is incredible. It sounds even better than my guitar.
Luna::: Dude, she would never say that. 
Luan::: Hey! It's my turn, no interrupting.
Rock Goddess::: Alright, I'll honor the trade, here's the crystal my dudes.
DeLola::: This is great. Come on, we'd better keep searching for the rest.
Luan::: They head back into the forest when they hear a creature flailing.  And then... Lisa, your turn.
Lisa::: So they hear a creature...  and wearily approach a rustling bush.  But then, discover that the creature is in fact... a robot.  Triton jumps into action. 
Robot::: Thanks for the assist, I was in search of crystal shards, when I stumbled into this bramble patch.
DeLola::: You're looking for them too?
Robot::: Indeed. I am. My battery's run down, and if I don't get a recharge before sunrise tomorrow, I will cease to operate.
Triton::: You should join our quest, we already have two crystal shards, if you count the one in Ribbon's stomach.  Once we find the rest and reform the crystal, we can all use it.
Robot::: Excellent! Tally ho!
Lisa::: Alright, that concludes my contribution. Lynn?
Lynn::: Aw yeah! Things are about to get real! 
Lynn::: Suddenly, the group find themselves on a basketball court in the sky, something comes crashing down, so fast they can't even tell what it is.
Trixie::: Awe yeah!
Ribbon:::  Woah, that was crazy! How are you so fast?
Trixie::: I've got a secret weapon.
Robot::: Crystal shards. We are in desperate need of those. Is there any way you might surrender them?
Trixie:::  These crystal kicks give me the speed I need to succeed. No way I'm giving them up.
DeLola::: What are we going to do? We need those shards.
Triton::: Hmm, I've got an idea.  We challenge you to a game of hoops, first to make it to three points wins, and if we win, we get your shards.
Trixie::: What's in it for me?
Triton:::  Hmm, uh, if you win, you can have all the shards we've collected.
Trixie:::  Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, you're gonna regret making that offer.  Deal.
Triton::: Okay, now who knows how to play basketball?
Lynn::: It's all you, Luce.
Lucy::: That's when it came to Triton...  They needed to summon the spirit of the best baller ever.
Triton::: We summon, the ghost of Dominic Dunkster!
Dominic::: Sigh.
DeLola::: Mr. Dunkster sir, can you please help us beat an alien in a dunk contest?
Dominic::: Anything for my fans.
Robot::: Alright large, athletic, alien bipedal, let the competition commence.
Trixie::: What?! How did you guys beat me?
Lucy::: After noticing a sad Trixie, Triton removes his shoelaces. 
Lincoln::: Hey wait a minute, cowboy boots don't have laces. 
Lynn::: Ssh, let Lucy finish her part of the story, Stinkin'.
Triton::: Here, take these, they're anti-gravity shoelaces.
Trixie::: Woah! Thanks bro.  These are giving me a ton of air.
Triton:::  Okay guys, let's go find another shard.
Lucy::: Your turn Lori.
Lori::: Okay, I've totally got this.  They look around, and see...  Literally the most beautiful mermaid in the entire galaxy.
DeLola::: Guys, look, she's charging her phone with a crystal shard!  Excuse me Ms. Mermaid, we've been travelling all over the planet collecting shards of the power crystal, and we think you have the last piece we need.
Triton::: Without it, I won't be able to get home.
Robot::: And my circuits will cease to fire.
DeLola::: And my kingdom is without power. Can you please part with your shard?
Mermaid::: Wow guys, what you've been through is such a bummer, but I can't give you my crystal shard.  I'm sorry, but if I give you my shard, how am I supposed to stay connected to my beloved Boo-Boo Bear?
Triton, DeLola, Robot and Ribbon::: What are we supposed to do now?
Lori::: You're up, Leni.
Leni::: OMGosh, this story has gotten like, really sad.  Okay, I'm ready. The group quickly realizes that they can't give up.
Robot::: The mermaid only needs enough power to charge her phone. What if we provide her with an alternate source of electricity.  Eureka!  Behold, a waterwheel. It will convert the energy of the flowing water into an endless supply of power.
Mermaid::: And, I'm assuming you want the shard in exchange for it.  Well, I do love helping people, so... I'll do it.
Leni::: Alright, Lily, it's all up to you.
Lily::: Poo-poo!
Triton::: Yeah! Whoo! We did it!
Lynn Sr.::: The power just came back on, guess we got home just in time. Huh? Well kids, feel free to jump back on your electronic doodads.
Children::: Eh...
Lana::: You know, this show's kind of a snooze fest.
Lincoln::: Well, we could tell another story.
Leni::: Stupendous!
Luan::: Let's do it!
Lola::: Totally fun!
Lynn:::  Me first! Me first! So Trixie is back on the basketball court with that little ghost dude,  ready to get some sweet, sweet payback.
Leni::: We already did that.
Lori::: Do something else.
Lisa::: Where's the robot?
