Flip::: All right, Flippy boy, it's Christmas Eve. Time to take advantage of all these last-minute holiday shoppers. Cha-ching!
Mr. Grouse:::  How much are all these lights gonna cost me?
Flip::: 200 feet of lights at $1 per foot. That's $500!  Hey, I'll put in on your tab!  Well, you're considering the Majestic Pine, huh?
Cheryl::: I'm not so sure. This thing looks like it's gone to meet its evergreen maker, don't you think?
Flip::: Uh, one way to be sure is the stronger the scent, the fresher the tree. So, uh, go on, ladies, give it a whiff.
Cheryl::: Hoo-wee! That smells fresher than the perfume samples in our Country Gal magazines! We'll take it.
Flip::: Oh and uh... All sales are final.
Howard::: Flip, kudos on your fine selection of inflatable Christmas figures. We McBrides pride ourselves on having the jolliest yard display in town. Guess we lucked out with this last minute holiday sale.
Flip::: Oh, that sale ended four seconds ago. Tough break there, chief.  The Louds! My big cha-chingers!
Lisa::: Holiday salutations, Flip. Father got busy at the restaurant and failed to plan our Christmas Eve dinner tonight.
Lynn Sr.:::  I'm...I'm such a bad dad...
Flip::: Yeah, your old pal Flip could take care of this yuletide kerfuffle.
Lynn Sr.::: Hurry Lis, I need to be cooking soon or we'll be eating as Santa squeezes down the chimney. No, no.
Lisa::: These provisions look questionable.
Flip::: Hey, that offends me to my core. I pride myself on carrying the best.
Lisa::: The highly repulsive defense rests-  Dad!
Lynn::: Flip, I'm done with your ding-dang deliveries. Can I take this off? Tights are chafing.
Flip::: Nope, you ain't even close to paying off the damage you did.
Lynn::: But I told you, I was bursting and accidentally dropped the key in the nacho cheese vat.
Flip::: Yeah, your bladder ain't my problem. I need all these delivered.  You gotta work tonight and tomorrow.
Lynn::: What, Christmas Day?! Major holiday foul, man! 
Cheryl::: You call this a Christmas tree? For shame! I hope this misdeed haunts you like an undigestible ham bone in the gullet!
Flip::: Merry Christmas, Flip-a-rooney!  Leapin' pork rinds! Look, if you're here to complain about that turkey-
Ghost of Christmas Past::: I am the Ghost of Christmas Past. I am the first of three ghosts that will visit you tonight and reveal the error of your greedy ways. Come with me.
Flip::: No, sirree. Flip ain't going nowhere.  Cash works.
Ghost of Christmas Past::: Well, here we are. Your middle school Christmas dance.  Ah, here's someone you may know.
Flip::: Who's that lame-o? Oh, it's me. I remember this. I'd finally gotten up the nerve to ask Tammy Gobblesworth to the dance.
Usher::: Ticket, please.
Young Flip:::  Gah! I lost it!
Usher::: Sorry, dude, I can't let you in without a ticket. I'd tell you to buy another, but we're sold out.
Young Flip::: But my gal's waiting for me! 
Young Scoots::: Psst. I got a ticket.
Young Flip::: I'll take that ticket.
Young Scoots::: Not so fast. It's gonna cost ya.  I hear you got a sweetie inside. You can't go in empty-handed.  Welcome to Scoots Suits and Succulents!
Young Flip::: Ooh! I'll take those flowers! 
Usher::: Hey, you're not going in. This ticket is bogus!
Young Flip::: What? Can I at least give Tammy these? 
Young Scoots::: All sales final!
Flip::: I swore that night I'd never be cheated by anyone again.
Ghost of Christmas Past::: This is when the swindled became the swindler. 
Flip::: Ooh! It's just a nightmare! It must have been that broccoli that fell into my nacho cheese.  What in corn chips is going on?!
Ghost Lincoln:::  Clyde and I are the Ghosts of Christmas Present.
Ghost Clyde::: Yeah, and we're gonna take you on what Dr. Lopez calls a journey of personal growth.
Ghost Lincoln::: Behold, Christmas Eve.  You see, Flip? Because of your greed-  Sorry, did we wake you?
Lynn Sr.::: Christmas Eve dinner is served.  Back, back. You're not eating my family on Christmas Eve! 
Lynn:::  Stinking Flip deliveries!  First I find out I gotta work on Christmas, then Scoots makes me scrape the stripes off all her candy canes because they 'agitate her.'  What the heck happened to you guys?
Lynn Sr.::: Well, Christmas can't get any worse. 
Flip::: Hey, uh, none of this is on me. I mean, it ain't my fault he can't cook, right? Ugh, I don't feel so hot...
Ghost Clyde::: Dr. Lopez would say that what you're feeling is toxic guilt and believe me, it'll eat away at you until you change your ways.
Ghosts of Christmas Present::: Change your ways...
Flip::: No, no, no! I won't!  Please let that be the broccoli coming back up.  It's the third ghost. Ah, think, Flip, you gotta do something!
Ghost of Christmas Future::: I am the Ghost of Christmas Future.  Annoyed sigh.
Flip::: No more ghosts or toxic guilt tonight. Turns out you can escape your fate. 
Ghost of Christmas Future:::  Boo.  Your future awaits you, Flip. 
Flip::: Oh, nachos! What happened to my store?!
Ghost of Christmas Future::: In time, your customers grew tired of being cheated by you. So they stopped coming. You went out of business and were left penniless.
Flip::: Ah! The shop is everything to me!  What are we doing here?
Ghost of Christmas Future::: Paying our respects to the recently departed. He was a troubled soul. Slipped on nacho cheese, a beef jerky stick wedged in his eardrum. He was found in a pool of his own Flippee syrup, alone.
Flip::: Phillip Phillipini?! It's me!  No one came to my funeral.  I knew I could count on Skeets.
Ghost of Christmas Future::: Scoots.
Scoots::: Wait. There's no reception with free chow? I'm outta here. 
Flip::: I messed up so bad. I was such a greedy chump. I lost everything and I wound up all alone! It can't end like this!  Flip can change! Just give me a–
Flip::: Am I still living?  Ow! Creepy girl's gone! It's over! Flip, buddy, it's not too late. You got yourself another shot to make good!  Ho ho ho!
Lynn::: Relax, Flip, okay? I was just leaving for work.
Flip::: No, no, no. It's Christmas. The food and fuel is closed today. You got the day off, kiddo, and that debt? It's paid in full. Boop!
Lynn Sr.::: Flip, what's going on?
Flip::: Please, it's Santy Flip. And I got goodies here for everybody.  Here ya go, skipper. Get that bad boy in the oven toot sweet.
Lisa::: The Gobblesworth Farm? Appears to be legitimate.
Flip:::  Oh, so that's what happened to her. Hey, uh, can I have that label?
Lynn Sr.:::  Here you go. Hey, thanks for the turkey, Flip.
Lola::: So I heard something about goodies?
Lincoln::: Whoa, look at all this stuff!
Flip:::  You did good, Flip, old boy. It feels nice to give back once in a while.
Lincoln::: Whoa, the Flippee machine? This is totally the best gift ever!
Flip::: Yeah, oh, Santy Flip got a bit caught up in the moment, didn't mean to...
Lynn::: Aw, bring it in, guys!
Lincoln::: Merry Christmas, everybody.
Flip::: Aw, heck. Merry Christmas to us all! Ho, ho, ho! 
