Lucy:::  Hurry, Fangs. We're gonna be late.
Bertrand:::  Good evening fellow members of the Morticians Club, I've called this meeting because I have, terrible news.  Oh, no, no, no, no, in this case the terrible news is nothing to be excited about; My father accepted a job as a lifeguard on the S.S. Fun Times Party Cruise.  And since I can not legally separate from them,  I must move with my suntanned family.  Thank you dear friends, but please, dwell not on my misfortune, instead let us focus on more important matters.  Try and keep up Boris. More important matters like... Who will replace me as president?
Everyone::: Gasp.
Bertrand::: I have however already chosen my successor,  I really think she's earned it,  so please welcome our new president...  Haiku.  Haiku, do you accept?
Haiku::: So unexpected, but an honor to bang the, skeleton gavel. That was a haiku I just wrote.
Bertrand::: Boris.
Lucy::: It's not right that Bertrand picked Haiku to be president over me, she just turned goth last year.
Lincoln::: Yeah, and you've been planning funerals since you we're two, it is unfair.
Lucy::: Exactly, thank you.
Lincoln::: I think you should stick up for yourself, tomorrow morning tell Bertrand that you're interested in the job too, he might listen.
Lucy::: Alright, I'll do it.
Lucy::: Gloomy morning everyone, I have an announcement... I've thought it over and, I too, would like to be considered for president.  I think I'd do a great job, after all; who stays late to make sure the dissecting forceps are put away? And who thought of our group motto; Keep Calm, and Embalm? And who carried our team in the grave digging competition?
Haiku::: You did. 
Dante::: You dug an eight footer.
Bertrand::: Yes, Lucy. You've made a good case for yourself. How about this? After school, the club will meet, and we shall put it to a vote.
Clyde:::  Good morning Royal Woods Elementary, Clyde McBride here with my sidekick, your school mascot.  Give it up for Ricky the Rooster! Ricky, how about giving the students a good morning cock-a-doodle-doo?  Ow!  Ricky, wait. Remember your condition! Nooo!
Lucy::: All I need is four votes and I can win this thing, I better do some campaigning. Have a nice sleep, Fangs.  Listen Dante, if I win the presidency, I'm planning a field trip to Casket Con.
Dante::: Really? Tickets are so hard to get.  You've got my vote.  Still got my vote.
Lucy::: So, I can guarantee we'll serve funeral potatoes at every meeting. My Dad's recipe is to die for.
Persephone::: Okay, I'll vote for you.
Both::: Wash first.
Morpheus::: Matching capes would be nice, but, I'm still voting for Haiku. Sorry.
Lucy::: But why?
Morpheus::: She wrote a very beautiful haiku about my pet crow, Thorn. 
Lucy::: But writing a poem doesn't make you a great president. There's a lot more that goes into it.
Morpheus::: Thorn is very fond of the Haiku.
Lucy::: If I'm elected president, I'm gonna move some club money around and buy you a new keyboard.
Boris:::  That would be amazing, Lucy. But if you're looking for my vote, it's too late. Haiku promised that she'd take the club for a ride in her hearse.
Lucy::: Pfft, it's just her parent's station wagon painted black.
Boris::: Well, what can I tell you.
Lucy::: Hey, Lincoln.
Lincoln::: Hey Lucy. So what'd Bertrand say? 
Lucy::: We're going to vote tonight.
Lincoln::: Hey that's great.
Lucy::: No, it's not great, Haiku and I each have three votes, which means Bertrand will have to break the tie, and of course he'll choose Haiku again.
Lincoln::: Ah man, I'm sorry Lucy. At least you gave it your best shot.
Lucy::: I can't give up yet. Haiku doesn't know what's best for the club, but I do.
Lincoln::: Too bad you don't have one more member who could vote for you.  I walked right into this one didn't I?
Bertrand::: The results are in, and well, it appears we have a tie. Lucy and Haiku each have three votes. As sitting president, it is my duty to choose the--
Lincoln:::  Is this the Morticans Club?
Lucy::: Lincoln? What in Hades handbag are you doing here?
Lincoln::: Oh well, I was hoping to join you guys. I've really taken an interest in death lately.  Argh! A dead snake!  That was an excited scream.
Boris::: Really, Lucy? Your normie brother?
Lucy::: Why, I'm as surprised as you are! 
Bertrand::: Very well. As a new member, I supposed he may vote for our current ev-
Lincoln:::  I vote for my sister, thanks.
Lucy:::  Oh, wow. Guess that means I won.
Lucy::: This is awesome, Fangs. My first day as president, I can hardly wait to read the opening obituaries.
Clyde::: Why? Why Wh-y-y-y?
Lucy::: Clyde?
Clyde::: Oh, uh.  Morning, Lucy. This bush is where I go when I need a good cry.
Lucy::: What happened?
Clyde:::  You know our school mascot and my morning announcement buddy, Ricky the Rooster? 
Lucy::: With the fractured waddle, the artificial heart, and the gout?
Clyde:::  Yes. He, he, he went to the big barn in the sk-y-y-y.
Lucy::: I'm so sorry for your loss Clyde. 
Clyde::: Thank you. I can't believe it was only yesterday he did this to my arm.  I miss him so mu-u-uch!
Lucy::: You know, the Morticians Club could host a funeral for Ricky, to honor him. I mean, I'm president now and all, I'll bring it up at our meeting tonight.
Clyde::: Really? That'd be great.
Principal Huggins:::  It sure would,  I could use some closure.
Lucy::: It's settled then. I'll give Ricky the funeral he deserves.
Lucy::: Hey, where is everyone? I have big news. We're planning Ricky's funeral.
Lincoln::: Sorry Lucy, everybody quit.
Lucy::: What?!
Lincoln::: Yeah they left a scroll.  They feel betrayed by you for stealing the presidency.
Lucy::: Well, then you and I will just have to put on Ricky's funeral by ourselves,  and when they see how beautiful it is, they'll realize that I deserve to be president.
Lincoln::: Not sure that's the takeaway here.
Lucy::: Come on,  We've got a lot to do.
Lucy::: We did it Fangs.
Principal Huggins:::  Miss Loud, is this some kind of joke?
Lucy::: Gasp, my ice sculpture.
Principal Huggins::: Ricky gave us a lifetime of service, and you honor him by making him look like a giant thumb?
Lucy::: It looked just like him this morning, I didn't know it'd get this hot today.
Principal Huggins::: You didn't check the weather? 
Morpheus:::  What the heck, Lucy?
Lucy::: What? Is something wrong with the refreshments?
Morpheus:::  Chicken nuggets?
Lucy::: Gads!  Lincoln, what happened? I told you explicitly to get popcorn, Ricky's favorite.
Lincoln::: The microwave in the teacher's lounge was on the fritz, so I got these instead. 
Lucy::: And it didn't occur to you that serving chicken at a rooster's funeral might be... inappropriate?
Lincoln:::   Okay, now I see it.
Cheryl::: I'd just like to say a few words before we get started, if I may.  Every mornin' we-- AAH!  I'm okay!
Lucy::: Lincoln, I thought you reserved this field!
Lincoln::: You said you were going to!
Lucy:::  Sigh, this is bad, but I can still turn this around.  My last gift to Ricky will be to send him to the heavens, in this.  Finally, he will get to experience the joy of flight.
Cheryl::: A trebuchet?
Lucy::: Time to go home, Sweet Prince.  Fare thee well.
Principal Huggins:::  Hey, he was supposed to go to the big barn in the sky, but you put him on the Ten A.M. to Cincinnati!?
Lucy:::  No, no, no, no, no. 
Dante::: Ugh, this is atrocious!
Morpheus::: Just the worst!
Boris::: Some funeral.
Lucy::: Wait, don't go!  Hold on! I'm sorry guys. This funeral was a complete disaster and it's all my fault. It's obvious I'm not the amazing president I'd thought I'd be, and I'm sorry I made Lincoln join the club, it was a cheap trick.  But honestly, the worst part is; Ricky deserved a better goodbye than this. Sniff.
Haiku::: You know Lucy, maybe it's not too late to save this funeral.
Lucy::: Really?
Haiku::: A president can't do everything herself. We are a club after all. Let's send Ricky off right.
Principal Huggins:::  Well this better be good.
Lucy::: Thank you Haiku,  for finding Ricky.
Haiku::: No problem. He was just circling the baggage claim at the airport.
Lucy::: Thank you Dante.
Dante:::  For Ricky! Dusk and it's sweet embrace! It is time!
Bertrand::: Right on cue.
Lucy:::  I called in a favour for the grand finale.
<center>Luna::: Ricky, Ricky the Rooster.
Principal Huggins::: It's so tasteful.
Lucy::: What a wonderful Mortician's Club group effort.  But it was Haiku who really saved the day. You know, I think Bertrand had it right all along. You should be president.
Haiku::: Oh, I don't know. How about... Two co-presidents? You and me work together, to make a great team. Uh, that was a haiku I just wrote.
Lucy::: I love it, and I think that's a great idea.
Luna:::  Thank you Royal Woods! Good night!
