Lincoln::: Wow, Clyde! Perfect attendance since kindergarten? That's really impressive.
Clyde::: Thanks, Lincoln, but it's not that big of a deal.
Lincoln::: Are you kidding? You're the first kid at our school to get this award in 30 years!
Clyde::: You're right! It is a big deal! I gotta document it in my school journal.    Got attendance award at school today, beautiful ceremony.
Lincoln::: You write in that every day?
Clyde::: Yup, every day since kindergarten. Great way to preserve important memories...Here.  'Stayed after school to clap erasers, it was AMAZING.'  'Traded my dad's quiche for Rusty's leftover pizza, BIG MISTAKE.'  Accidentally bumped into Mollie in the hall. Felt guilty the rest of the day...  'Didn't go to school today...'  'Aced a math test.'  Wait, what?!  DIDN'T GO TO SCHOOL TODAY?!?!  NOOOO!!!  I can't believe it! I'm a fraud! I'm gonna have to return this. 
Lincoln::: Clyde, don't you dare!
Clyde:::  But I don't deserve it!
Lincoln::: Are you kidding?! So you missed one day out of, what, a thousand? That's still pretty awesome, Clyde.
Clyde:::  Perfect attendance, Lincoln. What do you think that means?
Lincoln:::  That's fair, buddy. You've got my support. Do what you need to do.
Clyde:::  Took back plaque. Devastating blow, but the right thing to do.
Clyde::: Principal Huggins, got a second?
Principal Huggins::: I always have time for a V.I.P. like you, Mr. Perfect Attendance.
Clyde::: You shouldn't call me that, sir.
Principal Huggins::: Don't be so modest, son. I know what a big deal this award is. You know the last kid to win it thirty years ago?  This good looking guy right here.
Clyde:::  Actually, I, uh,  just discovered that I, uh,
Principal Huggins:::  I'd like to make you my junior administrator. It's a lot of responsibility.  You'll raise the flag every day, help Cheryl with the clerical work, weigh in on the cafeteria menu, oversee the hall monitors, and read the morning announcements!
Clyde:::  M-m-morning announcements?
Principal Huggins::: Well, if you're going to stutter like that, you can't do it. And if all goes well, who knows, McBride? Who knows? Maybe someday you'll be sitting at this very desk!
Principal Clyde:::  Lincoln Loud Jr., please report to the principal's office... again. 
Principal Huggins::: So, what do you say?
Clyde::: I accept, sir! 
Clyde:::  The golf cart? No way!
Principal Huggins::: Just one of the perks of being junior administrator.  Later, Mr. Junior Administrator! 
Lincoln:::  Wow, Clyde! Junior administrator? So, Principal Huggins didn't care that you missed one day of school?
Clyde::: Actually, I didn't tell him. He offered me this job and said he thinks I could be principal someday. It's the dream I never knew I had. Do you think less of me for not being honest?
Lincoln:::  Not at all, and I think you'd make a great principal.
Clyde::: Thanks, buddy. I'll try not to be too hard on Lincoln Jr.
Lincoln:::  What?
Clyde:::  Mm-hm.  Mm-hm, perhaps a bit more oregano.  Very good. Yes, yes. Looking good, troops! Now, Norm just waxed the floors, so let's be extra careful out there people.
Cheryl::: Knock 'em dead, sugar. Going live in three, two... 
Clyde:::  Good morning, Royal Woods Elementary. This is junior administrator Clyde McBride with today's announcements.  Due to a statewide investigation into the effects of chalk dust, no erasers are to be clapped until further notice. 
Cheryl::: I'm so happy you're here, Clyde. Land sakes, I could sure use the help with my new project...  Digitizing all the student files!
Clyde:::  Student files? Does that include attendance records?
Cheryl::: Well why wouldn't it, June bug?
Clyde::: Lincoln! I've got a Code Butterscotch!
Lincoln::: Cheryl's digitizing the school records, and is going to find out that your attendance isn't perfect?!
Clyde::: Exactly. But I've got a plan.
Lincoln::: I'm in!
Clyde::: I'm going back to school after Principal Huggins and Cheryl leave to remove my file.
Lincoln::: I'm in!
Clyde::: Now, I know it sounds risky, and I understand if you don't wanna get involved-
Lincoln::: I'm in!
Clyde::: But it would really mean a lot to me if-  Wait, did you say you're in?
Lincoln::: Three times.
Clyde::: Oh, you're the best, buddy. 
Lincoln:::  Woah, this could take a while. 
Clyde::: We did it. And with my file safely in my possession, my little secret is perfectly safe.  Now no one will ever know I lied about my perfect attendance.  Success!
Lincoln::: Success!
Clyde:::  What is Norm still doing here? Do you think he heard what I just said?
Lincoln:::  Probably not.
Clyde:::  He must have. These halls echo like the Grand Canyon. Now he's gonna tell Principal Huggins, he'll interrogate me, and I'll crumble like a cookie! It's what I do! There goes the dream I just discovered I had. 
Lincoln:::  Okay. Take it easy, Clyde. 
Clyde:::  We have to make sure Norm stays quiet, and I know how to do it.
Clyde::: Toilets are all clean. How's it going out here?
Lincoln::: The soap scum and mildew are almost gone. I think we may be stuck with the smell forever, though.
Norm::: Loud? McBride? Are you boys... cleaning?
Clyde::: Yup, just thought you could use a little help.
Norm::: Wow! Much appreciated. I haven't touched this bathroom since the great flood of 2012.
Clyde::: Well, now you don't have to. And you know what they say, Norm: I scratch your back, you scratch mine.
Norm::: I scratch...  Wha-?
Clyde::: Ah-ah. You don't have to say anything. You said it all with your eyes.
Clyde:::  We did it! Now no one will ever know I lied about my attendance record.
Clyde:::  Do you think Coach Pacowski heard what I just said?
Lincoln::: Probably not.
Clyde::: He must've. The acoustics in here are like Carnegie Hall!
Lincoln:::  Clyde, I really think-
Clyde:::  We have to make sure Coach stays quiet, and I know how to do it.
Coach Pacowski::: Loud? McBride? What are you doing under my boat?
Clyde::: Just taking care of those pesky barnacles for you, Coach. Gotta keep your vessel in tip-top shape.
Coach Pacowski:::  Why would you do that?
Clyde::: Well, you know what they say, Coach: I scratch your back, you scratch mine. 
Coach Pacowski::: I don't think you got enough oxygen down there, McBride.  Ma! I just scraped all the barnacles off the boat!  Can I have my allowance now?!
Clyde::: Phew, that was a close one. If Coach P. told Principal Huggins that I lied about my attendance record, whew, I'd be sunk.  Did Nurse Patti hear what I said about my attendance record?
Lincoln:::  Does it even matter what I say?
Clyde:::  Of course she heard. The lake breeze carried my melodious voice.  We have to make sure Nurse Patti stays quiet, and I know just how to do it. 
Clyde::: Okay, Petey. You seem to be all clear. Don't forget your lollipop.
Lincoln & Clyde::: Hey, Nurse Patti.
Nurse Patti::: Oh, uh, what are you boys doing in my office?
Clyde:::  We just checked all the Kindergarteners for head lice. 
Nurse Patti::: Uh... Okay, I'm a little confused here.
Clyde::: Are you? I think it's pretty clear. I scratch your back, you scratch mine.  Now that we have an understanding, I'll just take a lollipop and be on my way.  Yes! That was the last loose end. Now no one will ever know that I-
Lincoln:::  This is the part, where you get into trouble, so I'm gonna stop you right here.
Principal Huggins::: McBride. I got you something. Your very own golf cart. Here's the key.
Clyde:::  Wow, she's beautiful. But, why are you doing this?
Principal Huggins::: I heard about everything you did for our school. Even scrubbing Coach's boat so he could get his allowance.  You've earned it, son.
Clyde:::  Well, I don't know about that.
Principal Huggins::: There's that winning McBride humility. You know what, you've got more than perfect attendance, you've got perfect character. 
Clyde::: Good morning, Royal Woods Elementary. Here are today's announcements. Due to a pending lawsuit, there will be no more dodgeball until further notice. The spelling team took first place last night in the regionals. Today is Girl Jordan's birthday so if you see her in the hall, be sure to wish her well.  Oh, and one more thing: Clyde McBride is a big, fat liar.  My attendance isn't perfect at all, and neither is my character.  I don't deserve to be a junior administrator, or a future principal. And because of all that,  I hereby resign my post effective immediately.  Oh, and today's lunch is macaroni and cheese.
Lincoln:::  Clyde! What are you doing?!
Clyde::: I decided I can't live a lie anymore, Lincoln.
Lincoln::: Well, I wish you had realized that before we scrubbed the toilets, but I get it.
Principal Huggins:::  McBride, someone was just on the loudspeaker impersonating you!
Clyde:::  No, sir. That was me. I haven't been honest with you. I actually missed a day. I'm sorry about everything. 
Cheryl:::  Hold on now, cheese and grits! You never missed a day of school.
Clyde::: Yes I did. April 5th, 2012. It's in my school journal.
Cheryl::: Well, nobody was at school that day, sugar dumpling. That was the great flood of 2012.  School closed due to toilet explosion. Norm the janitor applies for emergency leave of absence.
Clyde:::  So, my attendance record is perfect after all?
Cheryl::: As perfect as my mama's plum pudding on a Christmas morning.
Principal Huggins::: Well. Now that we've cleared this up, McBride, there's some cupcakes that need tasting in the cafeteria.
Clyde::: On it, sir!
Lincoln:::  He'll probably need an assist with that.
Principal Huggins:::  Back to class, Loud!
Lincoln:::  Dang it.
Clyde::: Amazing day. Turns out dreams you never knew you had really can come true. Head itches. Better see Nurse Patti tomorrow.
