Ronnie Anne::: Woah. This art festival is pretty cool.
Carl:::  The free food is pretty cool too.
Male Artist::: My cheese sculpture.
CJ::: Where's Mama's artwork?
Sergio:::  Something tells me that's it.
Frida:::  Hola, mis amores! I'm so happy you came to see my art. These pieces are made up of my heart, my soul...
Carl::: And my sock.
Ronnie Anne::: It's great Tía Frida, I bet you'll raise tine of money at the charity auction tomorrow.
Frida:::  I hope so. Well, go on, look, tell me all your thoughts and feelings.
Bobby::: This one really speaks to me.
Ronnie Anne::: Uh, Bobby, that's a trash can.
Bobby::: I stand by what I said.
Romeo:::  Frida! Chika!  I have someone important for you to meet.  This is Artemio Alcaraz, art critic from the Great Lakes City chronicle.  His reviews can make or break and artist.
Artemio::: Oh, I wouldn't say that. Even though it's so very true.
Frida::: So, what do you think?
Artemio::: You'll have to read my review tomorrow. But here's a sneak peek... You're work is a wonder...  A vision...  Truly breath-taking.
Romeo::: I think he's a fan Frida. Magnifico!
Frida::: I can't wait to read his review.  Oh, excuse me, it's time for me to perform the interpretive dance that goes with my sculpture.  Vamanos, mi amor!
Bobby::: Woah, it's interactive.
Carlota:::  Guys, Artemio Alcaraz's review of Mama's art just went live.
Ronnie Anne::: Nice, must be good right?
Sergio:::  Think again.
Carlota::: It's horrible.
Carl::: What?! But he said her stuff was a wonder!
CJ::: And a vision.
Carlota::: And breath-taking, I know.  Frida Puga Casagrande's art is a wonder... I wonder how it could be so bad.
Ronnie Anne::: What? Let me see that.  Her sculptures are a vision of horror. While her painting is breath-taking in it's ability to make me feel disgust.  She should quit being an artist.
Bobby::: Wow, none of those words mean what I thought they meant.
Carlota::: This will break Mama's heart.
Ronnie Anne::: Not is she never sees it.
Bobby:::  Good idea!
Carlota:::  Thanks, Bobby.
Frida:::  Oh. Is that the paper? I can't wait to see my review.
Ronnie Anne:::  Sorry, I need this for a school paper mache project. Okay thanks, bye.
Hector:::  Hey! I was reading the funnies.
Frida::: I guess I'll just read the review on my phone.
Carlota::: Uh, sorry. Mine's out of battery, I need to take yours.  I'll take breakfast for the road. Love you, bye.
Hector:::  Now we have to talk to each other.
Bobby::: Tía Frida! How can I help you?
Frida::: Oh, I'm just looking for the paper, Mijo.
Bobby::: Uh. Newspapers? Yeah, newspapers. Uh, I know we have them around here somewhere.  Yikes. Lalo. I'm sorry, Tía Frida, these are all ruined. Bad dog.  Good dog.
Carl::: Where are you going, Mama?
Frida::: Oh, I thought I's stop by the art festival and see how it's going. Maybe I can finally see my review.
Carl::: We, want you to teach us your interpretive dance. Right now.
Sergio:::  Wait, that's the plan?!  I mean, uh, let's get our dance on.
Frida:::  The day has finally come!  My precious bebes! Of course I'll share the joy of dance with you!  Prepare to feel the música!
Carlota:::  I have collected every device in the building.  Hello?  Hello?  Hello?  Oh, hi Grandma Nakamura.  Mr. Nakamura? Oh, he's... uh... in the bathroom, um, for the rest of the day. He had some bad shrimp. Okay, bye.  I've been doing that all day.
Carl::: At least you didn't have to do a four hour interpretive dance.
Bobby::: Well, Lalo and I had to pee on half the newspapers in town. Let's just say we're drained.
CJ::: What is it?
Ronnie Anne::: Who knows? Important thing is Tía Frida didn't see the review.
Bobby::: Oh no! We missed a paper.
Ronnie Anne::: She must have read the review.
Carlota::: They say Artemio Alcaraz makes or breaks artists.
Sergio:::  Well it looks like it broke her.
Ronnie Anne::: We have to un-break her. What if she listens to Artemio, and gives up being an artist?
Carl:::  Then I'll find that Artemio Alcaraz and I'll break him!
Carlota:::  Easy, tiger. Maybe we can show Mama that the review doesn't matter.
CJ::: How?
Ronnie Anne:::  Tonight's charity auction! If Tía Frida's art sells, she's believe in herself again.
Carlota::: But how will we get people to buy her work after Artemio trashed it?
Ronnie Anne::: Artemio's is not the only opinion that matters. I think I have a plan.
Bobby:::  Uh, do we have time for a bathroom break?
Romeo::: Bienvenidos, mi gente, to the Great Lakes City art auction. See a piece you like, raise your paddle to bid. Don't be shy, it's for charity. Be generosos.
Carl::: Announcing Lord Bobbert, and Lady Carlottas of Pontar!
Ronnie Anne:::  They're the most influential art collectors in the whole world.
Artemio::: I've never heard of them.
Bobby::: I say, I can't wait to bid on Frida Casagrande's work. I have to redecorate my yacht castle.
Carlota:::  Yes, Lord Bobbert, anyone with taste will be bidding on this art.
Romeo::: Let the bidding begin at fifty dollars.
Bobby::: Fifty dollars!
Ronnie Anne::: Bobby, we're not really supposed to bid, we're just trying to get other people to bid.
Bobby::: Right, forgot I wasn't rich. When I act I really commit.
Romeo::: Vamanos! Do I have sixty?
Ronnie Anne::: No one's bidding. What do we do?
Carl::: I told you this lame plan wouldn't work. I'll get this auction going.  Let's go boys.
Romeo::: Okay, fifty! Going once...  ..going twice...  Sold for...  Oh.
Female Patron::: Huh?
Romeo::: I have sixty! Going... going... Sold!
Artemio::: Where are you going to hang it? In the garbage?
Romeo::: Now on to our next piece!  Who would like to begin the bidding?  Seventy dollars! Do I hear one hundred?
Carlota::: Oh, better buy it before it gets any more expensive.  Bobby!
Bobby::: Sorry, it's just so exciting.
Romeo::: One hundred! Do I hear One-fifty?  One hundred and fifty! Do I hear three hundred?
Sergio:::  Don't be cheap!
Artemio::: Has everyone lost their minds?
Romeo::: Four-hundred! Five-hundred! Eight-hundred! One-thousand! We haven't even uncovered the art!  Frida, your art is selling out, bring anything else you have right away. Rapido, chica.  Do I hear five-thousand?  Five-thousand
Carl:::  Oh no! Wrong fish!
Romeo::: Sold to the very enthusiastic man with his eyes closed!
Hector:::  I just had a nightmare, that I lost five-thousand dollars!
Romeo::: Señor, we take cheque or cash.
Hector::: What! I was asleep! Plus she's family, I'm not buying something I can get for free at home!
Rich Woman::: That's why my paddle went up.
Bobby::: Oh, come, come. This is priceless art of course you wanted it.
Hector:::  Bobby why are you dressed like a rich bobo?
Bobby::: I don't know who this Bobby is. But I, Lord Bobbert, must retire to my yacht castle. Bye, Abuelo.
Rich Woman::: Oh, so these children tricked us all into bidding on this art?
Artemios::: I knew they were impostors! What's going on here?
Frida::: Is it true? Did you all trick these people into buying my art?
Carlota:::  We're sorry, Mama.
Ronnie Anne::: We didn't want you to give up on your art because of some dumb review.
Frida:::  Aye! No, no, no, no. I would never give up my art. Yes, the review hurt a little, but artists must have a thick skin.
CJ::: But we saw you crying earlier.
Frida::: Oh, that, I was channeling all my pain into my new pieces. Paintings infused with my tears!
Ronnie Anne::: Wow, I guess you're stronger than we thought.
Frida::: As long as you like doing it, who cares what other people think, chikita?  Though it is nice when you're appreciated.
Ronnie Anne::: This is great Tía Frida, we're so glad you didn't give up on your dreams.
Bobby, Carlota, CJ & Carl::: Yeah!
Artemio:::  I don't get what the fuss is about. She didn't even colour in the lines.  Hey! What the-
Bobby:::  Be careful with that it's going in my yacht castle.
