Rusty::: Huh?
Lincoln:::  Dang it.  I hate dodgeball week.  And why is Mr. Bolhofner running it?
Stella::: Coach Keck's at a gym teacher's conference, so we're stuck with him.
Mr. Bolhofner::: Hey, chuckleheads, look alive!
Rusty::: My hair doesn't count. I'm still in.  I can't wait for yoga week.
Clyde:::  I'm here, I'm here.  Sorry I'm late, guys. 
Lincoln::: Clyde, are you OK?  You're looking pretty sweaty.
Liam::: Yeah, and where are all the Monday mornin' muffins you always bake?
Clyde:::  Didn't bake any. Last night something awful happened.  I was having tea and watching Operation Dessert Storm...
Clyde::: Come on, Zamir. Your flan is gonna clinch it.
Announcer::: This week's winner is an all-around good guy who cleans beaches and fosters cats. Give it up for everyone's favorite whisking king, Zamir!
Clyde::: Yes, yes, yes!
Announcer::: Hold the heavy cream. I've just been told one contestant has been disqualified for using a non-regulation whisk. Zamir, please pack your muffin tins and go.
Zach::: What? You mad 'cause your favorite contestant cheated?
Clyde::: Zamir didn't cheat. He would never cheat. 
Lincoln::: Maybe you can root for a different contestant. What about Maneet?
Clyde::: Maneet's cream puffs...  ARE DRY!
Stella:::  Guys, I think we just won.
Rusty::: You just saved our butts.
Clyde:::  Wow. I guess that was me working through my Dessert Storm anger. Think I'll relax with a cup of herbal tea in the locker room.
Stella::: Wow. He destroyed that team.
Lincoln::: Yeah, if Clyde keeps his rage up, surviving dodgeball week will be a cinch.
Liam::: Yeah, I hate to put a frost on your harvest, but Clyde's not gonna stay mad over this all week. In fact, it seems like he's already over it.
Lincoln::: I think I know how to make Clyde angry again.
Mr. Bolhofner::: All right, teams, line up.
Rusty::: This better work, dawg. I can't get any more bruises. You know black and blue aren't my colors.
Lincoln::: Trust me. Hey, Clyde, I don't want to whisk getting a penalty, but does this ball look non-regulation to you?
Clyde:::  Non-regulation?!
Announcer::: Please pack your muffin tins and go... go...
Student::: Do your worst, losers.
Clyde::: So glad I got that out of my system. Welp, herbal tea time.
Rusty::: They wouldn't disqualify me for wearing this, would they?
Mr. Bolhofner:::  And that's game.
Stella:::  Here you go, Clyde. I made some pregame quiche. I found the recipe on Zamir's blog.
Liam::: Clyde, can you get this itch for me? I can't reach.
Lincoln::: Man, I'm so happy dodgeball week is finally over!
Zach::: Oh, me too! Peanut butter and jelly tastes so much better when your jaw's not numb.
Stella::: I can finally use ice for my juice and not my forehead.
Liam::: Yeah, and we owe it all to Clyde. Where is that rage monster, anyway?
Rusty::: He's over there picking up trash. You know how Clyde hates litter.
Clyde::: They couldn't have walked two more feet to throw this out?! 
Lincoln::: I'm really glad we don't have to make Clyde angry anymore.
Liam::: Yeah, me too.
Stella::: Totally.
Rusty::: Yoga week, here we come.
All::: Namaste!
Clyde::: Stop. Aren't you guys forgetting something?
Mr. Bolhofner::: Hey, Loud. I have no idea how that McBride kid got so good at dodgeball.
Lincoln::: Uh, well, you see-
Mr. Bolhofner::: And I don't really care. He has turned you into the best team I've ever seen. Uh, well, in America. When I was spelunking in Iceland, I came across a team that would squish you like bugs. 
Lincoln:::  Interesting story, Mr. B.
Mr. Bolhofner::: Listen, change of plans. Coach Keck's stuck at the gym teacher convention, so I'll be in charge again next week, and that means more dodgeball. On Monday, you guys are playing the eighth graders.
Lincoln::: Why?
Mr. Bolhofner::: For fun! You're welcome.
Lincoln::: So this is really bad news for anyone who doesn't like body casts.
Liam::: I don't know why y'all acting like ya got a horsefly in your underpants. As long as Clyde's mad about that Zamir fella, we still got our secret weapon.
Clyde:::  Guys, guess what? My dads just texted me: 'Zamir has been brought back to Operation Dessert Storm.' Turns out there was a kerfuffle with the equipment check. The whisk was regulation after all. Isn't that great?
Stella:::  How about the timing for that, huh, guys? 
Clyde::: They even promised him a spinoff, Whisking It All with Zamir. I feel like celebrating. I'm off to Home Ec to bake up a storm.  Oops, almost crunched ya, little fella. Bake with me. 
Liam::: So, y'all, what are we gonna do?
Zach::: Yeah, if Clyde isn't raging, those eighth-graders are going to annihilate us.
Lincoln::: I hate to say it, but we have no choice. We have to bring back Angry Clyde.
Lincoln::: OK, the game is in two hours, and nothing burns Clyde's biscuits like talking with your mouth full. You ready, Rusty?
Rusty:::  I'm on it, dawg. 
Clyde::: Good morning, everyone. Who wants some Monday morning muffins? Just like the day, they're packed with sunshine.
Rusty:::  I'll take one. I really look forward to these, dawg.
Clyde:::  Wow, Rusty, that's a lot of gum. All that goopy saliva...
Lincoln::: Yeah, and you can see every molar, too. How does that make you feel?
Stella:::  Well, that's not exactly rage.
Lincoln::: Guys, we're gonna have to go to Plan B.
Lincoln::: Clyde, check out this old pic. Leni dressed Cliff up like Santa Claus...
Clyde:::  Aww...
Lincoln::: On Halloween.
Clyde:::  What?! Why would she do that?! That's so confusing for Cliff!
Stella::: Go on, Clyde. Explore your feelings.
Meryl::: Aww, a cat dressed as Santa.
Clyde::: But on Halloween!
Meryl::: Ha-ha! It's still adorable. You could call him Santa Paws.
Clyde::: You know what? That is adorable. And he could say 'meow-y Christmas'.  Thanks, Meryl. I was really on the verge of some serious fury there.
Meryl:::  Ooh, a lot of negative energy over here. 
Lincoln::: OK, the game is starting in 15 minutes, so we gotta push Clyde's biggest button. He hates seeing trash spilled everywhere because, as he says, littering spits in the eye of Mother Earth.  Great job, guys. Oh, look, here he comes.
Clyde::: Hey, guys, why did you want to meet here?  What kind of monster would do this?!
Stella:::  We were just asking that too.
Clyde::: This makes me so mad.
Rusty::: Good. I mean, uh, totally understandable reaction, bro.
Lincoln:::  We can worry about this later, Clyde. Right now it's game time. Come on.
Zach::: Clyde, the gym is this way. Where ya goin'?
Clyde::: Principal Ramirez's office. This happened on her watch, and I'm going to give her a piece of my mind. She's allowing her students to spit in Mother Earth's eye. 
Lincoln::: Guys, if Clyde goes off on Principal Ramirez, she might suspend him. We have to tell him the truth.
Stella::: Clyde, wait. 
Rusty::: Lincoln has something to tell you.
Lincoln::: Don't yell at Principal Ramirez. We littered the blacktop.
Clyde::: What? Why would you do that?
Zach::: Dude, survival. When you're angry, you're great at dodgeball, and that keeps us from getting annihilated.
Lincoln::: We just wanted to keep you mad long enough to survive this game with the eight graders. We're really sorry.
All::: Mm-hmm.
Clyde::: I can't believe you guys did this.
Rusty::: That's right. Channel that rage for the game.
Clyde::: It's not anger, Rusty. It's disappointment.
Rusty::: Oh, well, that won't help us.
Stella::: Focus, Rusty. This isn't about dodgeball anymore. We were a bunch of jerks to Clyde.
Lincoln::: Game time. Come on, everyone. Clyde, you shouldn't play. You don't deserve to be pummeled by the eighth graders. But we sure do.
Zach::: I heard a beatdown, but I don't feel a beatdown.
Clyde:::  <big>THROW...OUT...YOUR...TRASH!</big>
Mr. Bolhofner:::  That's game.
Stella::: Clyde, that was amazing.
Lincoln::: Yeah, buddy, you didn't have to help us.
Liam::: But we're sure glad you did.
Clyde::: Well, that wrapper just pushed me over the edge. I feel better now.
Zach::: Speaking of wrappers...
Lincoln::: And that's the last of it.
Clyde::: Ah, there's nothing more refreshing than a clean blacktop and a hot cut of herbal tea.  Am I right or what?
Mr. Bolhofner::: Great news, guys. That Viking team from Iceland I was telling you about just sailed in to play you in dodgeball.  You're welcome!
Rusty::: Um, Clyde...
