Lincoln::: Pretty cool, huh? It's one of those smoke poppers I bought at the magic show last night.
Clyde::: Woah, you look just like The Amazing Brailster, well, except for the mustache.
Lincoln::: Huge compliment. Man, was that a great show, or was that a great show?
Clyde::: A and B. Hey, what do you say we keep the fun train rolling, and do some antiquing.  I got us two tickets to the Fern Valley flea market. I remember how much you enjoyed it last time.
Lincoln::: Riiiiiight...
Alfred::: It's from the Edwardian Era.  Rumor has it, King Edward, himself once sat upon it.
Clyde:::  It's nice, but you know I'm more of a Victorian Era guy.
Alfred::: Of course, but this is a real opportunity to own a piece of his majesty's throne. Well, his porcelain one.
Clyde::: Oh, Alfred, you are a laugh riot.
Lincoln::: You know, as much fun as I had that day, I'm gonna have to pass this time, buddy.  Not 'cause I don't wanna go, it's my turn to be Lisa's human test subject, and you know me, I'd do anything for proctology.
Clyde::: Uh, Lincoln, I think you got the wrong 'ology'.
Lincoln::: And, I think you don't know Lisa.
Clyde:::  Well, that's a bummer. I was really looking forward to the two of us getting our antique on.
Lincoln::: I'm sorry, bud. Maybe someone else will be free.
Clyde::: Zach, how would you like to hit the flea market with me tonight?
Zach::: Hmm, last time I had fleas, I had to stay home from school.
Clyde::: It's not a market for actual fleas, they have antiques.
Zach::: We don't do antiques, my parents won't decorate the house with anything they can't see through.  You never know where those government spies put their listening devices.
Clyde::: So, is that a no?
Zach::: Meh, let 'em listen, I'm in.
Lincoln::: Clyde? I thought we were gonna ride bikes to school this morning.
Clyde::: Hey, bud, sorry about that. I wanted to get to the library early, gotta research all those antiques I bought yesterday.
Lincoln::: Wow, looks like you got a lot of stuff.
Zach::: Did we ever.  I got some cool old plates, a globe from before Hawaii was a state, and these sick glasses.  Well, they're not my prescription, but who cares?
Lincoln:::  So, you had a good time?
Zach::: Good time? I had a great time,  I never knew old stuff could be so much fun.
Clyde::: He's really got a knack for antiquing. You should have seen him haggle with the rug guy.
Zach:::  And I'm so glad I did, this baby's gonna look sick in my family's panic room.
Lincoln::: You just hit Clyde.
Zach::: Ooh, sorry, Clyde.  Sorry, Lincoln. Good thing I didn't buy the sword.
Howard::: Lincoln, come on in, the boys are in Clyde's room.
Lincoln::: Thanks.  Wait, did you say, the boys?
Clyde::: The key is using a lint-free cloth.
Lincoln:::  Clyde? I thought we were hanging out tonight.
Clyde::: We are. I just invited Zach to hang out with us. Wanna join in on the fun? Throw in a pair of those gloves, buddy, we're cleaning up these antiques.
Lincoln::: You're having fun, by cleaning up?
Zach::: You should really try it, Lincoln, it's very relaxing.
Lincoln::: Nah, I'm good, I'll just hang out till you guys are done.  Mind if I grab one of these root beers? 
Clyde::: Sure, help yourself.  Wait, I don't have any...  No! That's Dr. Peabody's onion elixir! Copyright 1812!
Zach::: This is one mighty fine piece of silverware, the inlay looks like it's pre-civil war.
Howard:::  That's a great catch there Zachary, I'm very impressed.  Gravy?
Zach:::  Is that London sterling silver?
Howard:::  It sure is. Clyde, it warms my heart that you're passing on some of the knowledge you've learned from your Dad and me.  We are so proud of you.
Lincoln::: Hey Clyde, check this out.
Howard::: Lincoln, please don't be too rough with the glasses, they're antiques.
Zach:::  Hmm, looks like depression era if you ask me.
Howard:::  Did you hear that, Hare-bear? Can we get an extra scoop of ice cream for this little antique expert over here?
Clyde::: Alright, so what do we wanna watch?  Looks like there's a Robot Super Destroyer movie on.
Lincoln:::  Oh! Is it the first one? The sequel? The prequel? Or the remake?
Clyde::: The remake of the prequel.
Lincoln::: Sweet! We've only seen that one four times. Let's do it.
Zach::: Or we could check out the Antique Hour Marathon. Ah-haha, look, they're in Royal Woods this week.
Lincoln::: Or we could put it to a vote.  Who wants to watch Robot Destroyer? 
Clyde::: Sorry, bud, but we have watched it four times.
Appraiser::: You'll be happy to hear, that at auction, this piece would bring in...
Clyde and Zach::: Five thousand dollars!
Appraiser::: Five thousand dollars.
Zach::: Team Clach McGurdle nails it again.
Lincoln::: What was that?
Clyde::: Oh, just a nickname that Zach came up with, of course, you and I are still Clincoln McCloud.
Lincoln::: Yeah, sure, okay,  I gotta go home. 
Clyde::: Wait, Lincoln, Armoires are up next. They're the bad boys of the antiques world.
Zach::: Yeah, you should stay over, Lincoln. We're getting up bright and early to go bargain hunting at yard sales.
Clyde::: We got safari hats and everything.
Lincoln::: No thanks. You guys clearly have your own thing going on. Maybe I should just disappear.
Clyde::: But, Lincoln-!
Lincoln::: Dang it. 
Lincoln::: Attention, Amazing Brailster Fan Club. You're invited to a super secret pop up magic show. Bring a friend. Well, that friend sure isn't gonna be Clyde. He's too busy dusting spoons with Clach. But, who needs him? I've got plenty of friends.
Liam::: Howdy.
Lincoln::: Liam, it's Lincoln.
Liam::: Which Lincoln? I know a few.
Lincoln::: Lincoln Loud, your friend.
Liam::: Oh, ha, heh, yeah. Hi Lincoln, my friend.
Lincoln::: Are you busy tonight? I've got an extra ticket to the Amazing Brailster.
Liam::: Oh, uh, I'd love to but, uh, it's weaner season here on the farm. You know, that magical time of year when we wean piglets from their mamas. I need to be around in case there's some kind of a wean scene, for example-
Lincoln::: Okay, okay, I get it.
Rusty::: Lincoln, what's good?
Lincoln::: Hey Rusty. How'd you like to go to the greatest magic show on Earth tonight?
Rusty::: Tonight? I totally would but I've got a hot date. In fact, I'd better go iron my jeans.
Stella::: Hello?
Lincoln::: Stella, buddy ol' pal. I've got an extra ticket to a magic show, and-
Stella::: Ugh, wish I could go, but, I promised my Granny I'd help her set up a dating profile. She said she's ready to get back out there, soooooo...
Lincoln:::  Hold on, I'm getting another call.  Oh, it's Lynn.  Hey LJ, do you wanna go to a magic show?
Lynn:::  Uh, no. I wanna go to the bathroom, Stinkin', now get out of there!
Lincoln::: Flip.
Flip:::  Ah!  What?
Lincoln::: Can I get one bubblegum Flippee to go?
Flip::: Just one?  Today's special; twice a Flippee for only triple the price.
Lincoln:::  Nah. Just one's good. I'm riding solo tonight.  Liam?
Liam:::  Yah!
Lincoln::: I thought it was weaning season.
Liam:::  Now what in tarnation? This isn't the barn. Gee, I must have taken a wrong turn.
Stella:::  Flip! The toilet's clogged!
Lincoln::: Stella? I thought you were helping your Granny get back out there.
Stella::: I, uh... 
Lincoln:::  Rusty! You can come out now, too.
Rusty:::  Sup, man?
Lincoln::: What's going on? You guys all said you were too busy to see The Amazing Brailster tonight.
Stella::: Look, Lincoln. The truth is, I think magic is... boring.
Rusty::: Snooze fest.
Liam::: To me, it's more upsetting than boring. I know there ain't no coins in my ears but they always find 'em.
Stella::: We're sorry for lying. We didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Lincoln::: How can you not like magic? Clyde and I had a blast at the last Brailster show.
Stella:::  Actually, you had a blast. Clyde didn't want you to know, but he definitely didn't have fun.
Lincoln::: What are you talking about?
The Amazing Brailster::: And for my next trick, I'll need a bold audience member willing to be,  sawed in half.  How 'bout you, young man?
Lincoln::: Wow, he's pointing at you, Clyde! You're so lucky.
Clyde:::  Ye-Ye-Yeah, I love s-s-s-saws.
The Amazing Brailster::: Since you're my assistant, you should wear the hat.  Handkerchief?
Lincoln::: Wow, how did I not see this? Clyde hates magic. But then, why does he always agree to go?
Rusty::: Probably because he's just a really good friend.
Stella::: Yeah, I'm sure you do the same for him all the time.
Clyde::: Hey, what do you say we keep the fun train rolling, and do some antiquing?
Lincoln::: You know, as much fun as I had that day, I'm gonna have to pass.
Lincoln::: Actually, I don't. Here I am mad at Clyde when I'm the one who's a bad friend. I'll catch you guys later. I gotta take care of something.  I was wondering if I could talk to your business associate, Tucker.
Flip::: Uh, I'm sure he's around here somewhere.  Welcome to Tucker's Tix and Tux! What can I do you for?
Lincoln:::  I need to sell some tickets and buy some tickets.
Clyde::: Lincoln! Am I glad to see you.  I want to apologize. I should have known that antiquing stuff would make you feel left out.
Lincoln:::  Clyde, I'm the one who should be apologizing. I didn't really have to help Lisa with proctology. I just didn't want to go antiquing, but I should've been a good friend and gone anyway, just like you did with me and the Brailster.
Clyde::: What are you talking about, Lincoln? I love the Brailster.
Lincoln::: It's okay, Clyde. I know you don't. You just go 'cause you know it makes me happy, and I need to start doing the same for you. So...  I was wondering if you and Zach would like to join me for this.
Clyde::: Antique Hour: Royal Woods Edition?!
Zach:::  What?  Wow, Lincoln. Thanks for including me. 
Lincoln::: Of course, Zach. In fact, I was thinking maybe we should call ourselves Cacholn McClurdle.
Clyde::: Or what about Zlydcon McGloudle?
Zach::: Ooh, I know, Lydach LurdleMc.
Clyde::: We should get going.
Lincoln::: It's starting to drizzle. I'll just grab this umbrella. 
Clyde::: Actually, that was an 18th century Japanese parasol, but no problem.
