Hunter::: Welcome back to ARGGH! I'm Hunter Spector, and we're in a haunted salon in Erie, Pennsylvania, tracking the ghost of Armando the Hairdresser.  Wait a minute!  I'm picking up something on my ARGGH! ghost detector.
Hunter:::  There he is! Now to trap him in my ghost containment device!  Ugh! Does anyone sweep this floor?  He's on the run! I'm gonna have to improvise!  Back! Back, poncy hairdresser!  Got him! By a hair! Ha ha!
Lincoln:::  That was amazing!
Clyde:::  I know!
Lincoln::: I thought he was a goner.
Clyde::: When that chair spun around, I peed a little. I'm gonna write my weekly fan letter to Hunter right now, while I'm still excited.
Hunter::: Don't forget to tune in next week for more of ARGGH!'s tour of the 25 most haunted places in America. We'll be visiting a spooky groundskeeper's house at a cemetery in Royal Woods, Michigan.
Lincoln and Clyde::: Did he just say Royal Woods, Michigan?
Lincoln::: Now I peed a little!
Lincoln::: This is it, Clyde! You ready to watch Hunter Spector in action?
Clyde::: I was born ready, Lincoln! Well, actually, I was born a month early, so I wasn't ready for much of anything.
Lincoln::: Whoa. Who knew there were this many ARGGH! fans?  This is unacceptable! We can't even see Hunter!
Clyde::: Don't worry, buddy.   I've got my trusty ARGGH! ghost-seeking periscope. 
Lincoln::: What do you see?
Clyde::: Some kind of cave. With a lot of stalactites and waxy-looking boulders.
Lincoln::: Come on, Clyde. I have a better idea.
Hunter::: Okay, ARGGH! cadets, this is it! I'm going in. But don't worry.  You'll be able to watch all the paranormal action on this screen. So, until we meet again, cadets.
Lincoln::: Sweet! Right, Clyde. We have a great view of the screen.
Clyde::: Totally. It almost makes me forget about my fear of heights.  Almost.  Gah! I've landed on my official ARGGH! ghost handcuffs.
Stage Manager:::  Hey, you two, no lying down on the job! Set your walkies to Channel 4 and get your butts in that house. We're about to start shooting.
Clyde::: No, ma'am. We don't work for ARGGH!-
Lincoln:::  'Cause you know what they say, when you do what you love, you never work a day in your life. Heh heh. Come on, Clyde. We'd better get to our posts.
Stage Manager::: That's more like it.
Clyde::: Lincoln, did you see that? I gotta get that tissue for my scrapbook.
Lincoln::: Okay. I'll cover for you.
Clyde::: I want that tissue, Lincoln.
Stage Manager::: Hey, what are you two doofuses doing? Get over to your position and do not miss your cue.  Quiet on the set! And action!
Hunter:::  On this special episode of ARGGH!, we're going to be hunting for the ghost of Groundskeeper Jim. Locals say you can still hear him some nights, dragging his shovel around the empty house.  Hello? Hello? Are you here now, Groundskeeper Jim?
Hunter::: It's a sign! He's in the house!
Lincoln:::  Hey, man, quit playing with the lights. Hunter's trying to catch a ghost.
Stage Manager::: Shh!
Hunter:::  This will help me keep track of the ghost's exact location.
Hunter:::  He's right there!  Aha! Gotcha cornered, Groundskeeper Jim!
Stage Manager:::  Psst! Psst! Fire the gelatin!
Stage Manager::: Fire! FIRE!
Hunter:::  Ah! Ectoplasm! He's attacking me!  He's shockingly strong!  Take this!  Got him! Sorry, Jim, you're grounded!
Tall Burly Man:::  What was that? I can't hear anything!
Staff Manager::: And cut! Great job, everyone.
Hunter:::  Nice work with the gelatin, guys. I didn't think you'd hit me in the face, but I went with it. Made the scene even more believable. 
Lincoln:::  I can't believe Hunter's a fake! Think about all the time we've wasted watching five seasons of ARGGH!. I could have learned to play the banjo.  Clyde, you're kind of quiet back there.
Clyde:::  Lincoln, I just don't wanna talk about it right now.
Lincoln::: I get that, buddy.
Lincoln::: Delete, delete, delete, delete, delete...de-lete.
Lola::: What are you doing, big brother?
Lincoln::: I'm getting rid of all my recorded episodes of ARGGH!.
Lola::: Ooh! Goody! More room for my show about plastic surgeries gone wrong.
Man's Voice::: Lincoln? Come in, Lincoln.
Lincoln:::  Clyde? You sound old.
Harold::: Ha, this is Clyde's dad. Can you come over? Clyde is having an episode, and I was specifically asked not to call Dr. Lopez on her vacation.
Lincoln::: I'll be right there.
Harold::: He's been throwing out his favorite possessions. He said something about them all being fake. At least I think that's what he said. It was hard to hear over Howard's crying.
Howard::: Well, can you blame me? It's not just his things. He said he doesn't believe in birthday wishes, magicians, or leprechauns anymore; all the things that make our little guy so special. 
Lincoln::: Wait. I think I know what's going on.  Clyde, look. I know you're upset about Hunter, but-
Clyde::: I'm not upset, I'm grateful. He opened my eyes to what a chump I've been. I mean, if he's a fake, everything else must be fake, too. 
Lincoln::: Your Operation Dessert Storm commemorative plates?
Clyde::: Pssh! That show's gotta be rigged! No one could really caramelize 100 crème brûlées in five minutes. 
Lincoln::: Our anti-alien abduction helmets?
Clyde:::  Aliens. There's no such thing.
Lincoln::: Clyde, you don't have to give up on everything you've ever believed in.
Clyde::: Oh, but I do, Lincoln. I do. 
Lincoln::: Clyde, that was your clock radio.
Clyde::: Ah.
Lincoln:::  It's worse than I thought, and I know who's to blame. 
Howard::: Where are you going?
Lincoln::: To see a man about a ghost.
Lincoln::: Hunter Spector, if that's really your name.
Hunter:::  I already told you guys, payday is Wednesday.
Lincoln::: I'm not on your crew. I'm a fan. Well, I was until I saw what really happens on your show.
Hunter:::  Oh.
Lincoln::: I can handle it, but my friend Clyde is crushed. He was your biggest fan. He wrote you a letter every week.
Hunter::: Wait, that Clyde? He's the only fan who noticed when I switched to an all-cotton jumpsuit. Oh, I feel terrible. I didn't get into this business to trick kids. I wanted to hunt ghosts.
Lincoln::: Then why don't you?
Hunter::: Oh, it's TV. We have a schedule, and if we can't find ghosts, we have to fake it.
Lincoln::: Yeah? Well, now Clyde thinks everything he ever loved is fake.
Hunter::: I wish I could undo that, but I don't know how. We all know there's not a real ghost here.
Lincoln:::  Or is there?
Howard::: Now, Clyde, you'll have to wait an hour after eating to go swimming. You'll get cramps.
Clyde:::  That's just a myth, Dad. I suppose next you'll tell me if I make this face...  ...it could freeze that way? What a load!
Howard:::  That's it! I'm calling Dr. Lopez! 
Harold::: Howard, no! She needs this vacation. She and Robert are trying to make it work.
Clyde:::  Hey, Lincoln. What's up?
Lincoln::: Clyde, tune your walkie to channel 4! You've gotta hear this!
Hunter:::  Come in, ARGGH! crew! Return to Royal Woods immediately! I have a real ghost here, but I can't catch him without my equipment!
Clyde:::  So? Just more of Hunter's lies.
Lincoln::: But, Clyde, the Royal Woods episode is over! Why would he be lying?
Hunter::: ARGGH! crew, do you copy?
Lincoln::: Clyde, we've got the equipment. We can help him.
Clyde::: Meh.
Lincoln::: Aw, come on!
Clyde::: Meh.
Lincoln::: Well...do it for me, then?
Clyde::: Hmm...I guess.
Lincoln::: Hello?
Hunter::: Ah, my faithful crew guys! Thank you for coming back. There's a real ghost in here.
Clyde::: We're not your crew guys, and why should we believe anything you say?
Hunter::: 'Cause my cherry soda just disappeared and everyone knows Groundskeeper Jim loved cherry soda.
Clyde:::  Wow, you're really going for it.
Lincoln::: Uh...that seemed pretty real.
Hunter:::  Groundskeeper Jim's shovel!
Clyde:::  Uh-huh.
Clyde::: Oh!  Ch-ch-cherry? It is him!
Clyde::: And he's on the run!
Hunter::: What do you say, guys? Should we catch him?
Hunter::: He's over there!
Clyde::: I got this!  YAAAAAH!!!  A little help?
Lincoln::: He's in there.
Hunter::: Follow my lead.
Hunter:::  Now!
Hunter::: It's working!
Hunter::: Ha, ha!
Lincoln, Clyde, and Hunter::: We got him!
Lincoln::: Yeah!
Clyde::: Incredible! That was amazing, Hunter! I'm going home to write you another fan letter right now!  I BELIEVE! I BELIEVE!
Lincoln::: I feel bad about lying to Clyde, but I'm glad he believes again.
Hunter:::  This paint can shaker really did the trick.
Lincoln:::  And the fishing line on the door was perfect.
Hunter::: And that spring behind the picture frame worked like a charm.
Lincoln::: And that was a nice touch with the flying soda can. I didn't know you were gonna do that.
Hunter::: Yes, I-  wait. I thought you did that.
Lincoln:::  No...
Hunter::: Hey, ARGGH! cadets, we're here in a haunted tugboat in Milwaukee, where locals say some nights you can see the ghost of Captain Jack swabbing the deck. I can't guarantee we'll find him here tonight, but if we do, he's mine!
Harold::: Hey, guys, got you a little snack.
Howard::: Served on Clyde's Operation Dessert Storm commemorative plates.
Clyde::: Thanks, Dads. But we're going swimming right after this show. So, we should probably wait an hour.
Howard and Harold::: No worries.  Yay!
Harold::: Oh, our son is back!  Howie, don't make that face; it'll freeze that way.
