Ronnie Anne::: First sleepover at Dad's. Whoot whoot!
Bobby:::  I can't wait to check out his new place!  I got him this singing cactus as a housewarming gift.
Singing Cactus::: Congrats on Your Casa! Congrats on Your Casa! Congrats on Your Casa! Congrats on Your Casa!
Bobby:::  Congrats on Your Casa! Congrats on Your Casa!
All three::: Congrats on Your Casa! Congrats on Your Casa!
Rosa:::  I still don't understand why the kids have to go to Arturo's for the weekend.
Sergio:::  Yeah! I can't sleep alone! I'm afraid of the Cucuy.
Maria:::  Stop worrying, you two. It's normal for the kids to spend some weekends with their dad.
Rosa::: But their beds are here. This is their home. Can't they just go to the movies?
Sergio:::  Or get mani-pedis?
Maria::: The kids are going to be fine. Calma, Mama. 
Rosa:::  Calma? Arturo hasn't spent any time with the kids in two years! He has no idea how to take care of them!  What if he forgets to feed them? 
Arturo::: Muy Bien, Bobby!
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah!
Sergio:::  Wrong ingredient!
Rosa::: Mis bebés are gonna starve!
Sergio:::  Better than eating parrot!
Rosa::: Those poor kids are probably so bored! He has no toys, no stickers, no chores, nothing fun!
Rosa:::  Here's your problem, Mr. Nakamura.
Sergio::: Buenas noches.
Rosa::: Buena noches my foot! I'm too worried to sleep. Mi Bobbito didn't take his sleeping helmet!  What if he falls out of bed?!
Rosa::: Mis niños! I missed you so much!  Are you okay? Was it terrible? Did you have an awful time?  You must be starving. Look at you. come with me.  Eat, eat. 
Bobby::: Actually, we had the best time.
Rosa:::  What!?
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah, Dad's apartment is amazing. He has central AC and a bathtub the size of a pool!
Bobby::: And he bought Ronnie Anne a new video game console, and he got me a new tablet to keep at his place.
Maria::: That's great, guys.
Rosa::: Mmm-hmm, great.  Don't you see what's happening? Arturo's trying to make the kids like him better than us! it's just like what happened to my gomare Wonita's, best friend's, primo's hairdresser!
Maria:::  Here we go.
Rosa::: Her kids liked her ex-husband's apartment so much, that they wanted to spend more and more time there, with him, and pretty soon, she barely knew her own kids.
Maria::: Mom, you're being ridiculous.
Rosa::: Okay, fine, I'll just let this go.  We're not letting this go! We just got those kids!
Hector::: Why do I have to be involved? Do I at least get a snack?
Rosa::: Fine, I'll make you a burrito.  Now listen. This week, I'm going to show the kids, that there's no better home then right here.  And you, you're going to get them bigger, better, expensive gadgets.
Hector::: Say what now?
Rosa:::  This is important Hector! It's not the time to be cheap.
Hector::: But-
Rosa::: Bobbito, you don't have to take out the trash. Hector can do that.
Ronnie Anne::: Wow, you've never let me have a sleepover before, Abuela. What's the occasion?
Rosa::: Oh, it's nothing, Ronalda. I just love you. Mira, I made you this too.
Ronnie Anne::: Bunk beds!
Rosa:::  This is the game you bought them?!
Hector:::  Hey, this baby's a classic!  Chihuahua. Good thing I also bought this tablet.
Rosa:::  Hector Rodrigo Casagrande Gufieres, I should have known you'd be cheap! Thanks for nothing.
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah, Sid. My weekend was super fun! Dad took us go-kart racing and indoor rock climbing.
Rosa:::  So, they think he's the fun one? Well, I can be the coolest abuela around.
Ronnie Anne::: Are you sure you wanna do this, Abuela?
Rosa:::  Of course. I've always wanted to shred.
Ronnie Anne::: Here, let me help.
Rosa::: Huh? Oh, look! I'm doing it!
Sergio:::  You really stuck the landing there.
Rosa::: Okay, Bobby. Pitch me the ball.
Bobby::: You're out!  I mean, are you okay?
Ronnie Anne::: It's great you wanna learn about K-pop, Abuela.
Rosa::: You know me. Can't get enough Ten is Evening!
Ronnie Anne::: It's Twelve is Midnight.  They're known for their choreography.  Now you try.
Sergio::: It's all in the hips, baby.
Rosa::: Huevos con chorizos para mis bebes. Pretty great week, huh? So, what do you want to do today? Monster trucks? Carnival?
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, we're going to Dad's.
Rosa:::  But I thought we were spending this weekend together.
Bobby::: Well, Dad got the weekend off.
Ronnie Anne::: And Mom said it was okay, so.
Rosa:::  I see. Well, that's, nice.  This is just like what happened in my telenovela! Those kids loved it at their Dad's so much, that they moved in with him, and when he got a job in Turkey, they moved there, and then they started a rock band, and then-
Maria:::  Mom, where are you going with this?
Rosa::: What if Arturo moves back to Peru, and the kids want to go with him?
Maria::: No one is moving to Peru anytime soon. Arturo just got here, so the kids are excited, that's all. Seriously, let it go.
Rosa::: Okay, I'll let it go.  We're not letting it go! The kids like Arturo's apartment too much!
Sergio:::  We can fix that.
Rosa::: Exactly. We just have to make it bad enough that mis bebes will want to come home.
Rosa::: We should have an hour 'til they get back. He took them to the batting cages, so dangerous. Sergio, you go through the mail slot and open the door.
Sergio:::  Roger that!
Rosa::: Sergio, open the door!
Sergio:::  What's the password?
Rosa:::  How about bird soup!?!
Sergio:::  Jeez, learn to take a joke.
Rosa::: Let's see how the kids like this place without their fancy cable.  And now for my secret weapon, crickets.  Perfecto. These grillos won't let anyone sleep tonight.  Sergio, stop eating the secret weapon!  Now, I'm going to go cut the hot water. You keep an eye out for Arturo and the kids.
Sergio::: Ooh, Sergio like!
Bobby::: We didn't have to leave. I'm okay. It was pretty slow for a fast ball.  Wow, when did my hand get so big?
Arturo::: Come on, I'll make you a torta. It'll make you feel better Bobby.
Bobby::: Yum.
Ronnie Anne::: Ouch! That must have hurt.
Sergio::: They're here! Hide!
Rosa::: Sergio, you were supposed to be watching for them! You're fired.
Arturo::: Who wants some tortas?
Ronnie Anne::: I do!
Bobby::: Me, me, me, me, me, me, me!  Ooh! Hey, look, I'm on TV!
Ronnie Anne::: Here, why don't you sit down Bobby?  Weird, what's up with the TV?  Every channel's the same.
Rosa:::  How are we going to get out of here?
Sergio::: Every man for himself!
Bobby:::  Hi, Sergio.
Ronnie Anne:::  Boy, you really got bopped good.
Arturo::: Que tranças? There's no hot water.
Ronnie Anne::: No worries, Dad. Abuela can fix that. She can fix anything.
Bobby::: Oh, yeah. She can also cook anything and pretty much do anything. She's amazing.  I'll just give her a call.  Weird, it's not getting through.
Ronnie Anne:::  Let me try.
Ronnie Anne & Bobby::: Abuela?
Bobby::: That's so funny. We were just calling you. How did you get here so fast?
Sergio:::  It was all her idea! See ya, suckers!
Arturo::: Rosa? What are you doing? Que haces aqui?
Rosa::: I can explain everything. I was worried that you kids were having so much fun with your dad, that you'd want to live with him forever. I thought you might even move to Peru. So I came up with a plan to wreck your apartment. Sergio was helping me.
Sergio:::  You can't prove anything!
Arturo::: Ay, Rosa, what are you talking about? I never planned on the kids moving in with me.
Ronnie Anne::: Where'd you get that crazy idea, Abuela?
Sergio:::  Her two o'clock telenovela.
Arturo::: You know, the whole time I was away in Peru, I couldn't imagine Ronalda and Roberto in better hands. I love that they're with the whole familia. They're both so happy and doing so well.
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah, home is always gonna be with you, Abuela. Right, Bobby?
Bobby:::  I'm Bobby.
Arturo:::  Don't worry, he should be fine in a couple of hours.
Rosa::: Mis bebes!
Arturo:::  And just so you know, I don't plan on being 'super fun dad' all the time. Skateboarding is much harder than I thought.  Ay, mis pompis.
Rosa:::  I hear that.
Rosa::: Adios! have a great time! Bobby,  I packed your sleeping helmet.
Maria:::  Wow, Mom, you're okay with them going to Arturo's now?
Rosa::: I was always okay with it.
Arturo::: Rosa, gracias su través. You fixed everything in my apartment. But, uh, I'm having a weird cricket problem. Do you know how to get rid of them?
Rosa:::  Best cricket hunter I know.
Sergio:::  Dinner time!
