Lori::: Look what came in the mail, the Fairway Golf University course catalog!  Oh, what courses should I take Dad? Biochemistry & Bogeys, or Sand Traps and Sociology?  Ooh, yikes, both textbooks are a hundred bucks.
Young Lori::: Which shirt should I wear Daddy? The banana or the kitten?
Lori::: Come on Dad, we said we wouldn't get sad yet.
Lynn Sr.::: I'm sorry sweetie, it's just, my baby girl is moving out soon,  and won't be around for our midnight movies, or our flour fights, or our morning cocoa dates. 
Lori:::  I know Dad, but it's not like I'm moving to Mars.
Lynn Sr.::: Well you might as well be, that golf school is two hundred and eight point six miles away, that's just a guess it's not like I mapped it out or anything.
Lori:::  Ah, Dad.
Lynn Sr.:::  But you're right, let's keep our chins up and make the most of the hang time we have left.  Well, I'd better get to the restaurant sweetie, business sure has gotten busy.
Lori::: Yeah, you might need to hire more employees.
Lynn Sr.::: Wait a minute! Why don't you work at the restaurant?
Lori::: Wait a minute! Why don't I work at the restaurant?
Lynn Sr.::: I get an extra employee.
Lori::: I'll save money for college.
Lynn Sr.::: And we get to hang out all the time.
Lori::: Literally, perfect.
Lisa:::  I'm pleased for you, but might you take your jumping elsewhere until I finish my puffed corn?
Lynn Sr.::: Okay Lori-Loo, I gotta prep food in the kitch, but you can shadow Kotaro while he waits tables, then when you're feeling ready, you can jump in.
Lori::: Sounds good, Dad.
Lynn Sr.:::  My bestie's training my Lori, everything at Lynn's is hunky-dory.
Lori::: I can see why you and my dad are friends.
Kotaro:::  The mark of a great waiter is being able to memorize an order without writing it down.  Hi, I'm Kotaro, I'll be taking care of you today. What can I get you?  Okay, so that's one turkey burger no pickles, two orders of Lynn-sagna, a dozen mac 'n' cheese bites, and I'm gonna throw in a basket of tater tots cause I like you guys.  Here's a trick to save time, carry all the plates out at once.  Oops, can't forget the hot cheese dip.
Lynn Sr.:::  Got you covered.
Lori::: Isn't that heavy?
Kotaro::: I've been wearing a weighted hat to strengthen my neck. 
Lori::: Wow, that's literally dedication.
Kotaro::: Always be thinking about the customers, and what they might need.
Scoots:::  Waiter, I haven't gotten my bread.
Kotaro:::  Sorry young lady, I wanted it to be fresh. Cheese dip?
Scoots::: Make it rain.
Kotaro::: That covers just about everything, and if you ever find yourself in a jam, bring out the free mints. 
Lori::: Thanks for your help, Kotaro. I think I'm ready for my first table.  Ooh, hi Principal Huggins, hi Cheryl, what can I get you?
Principal Huggins::: Uh, aren't you going to take out a writing utensil?
Lori::: Nah, I have a really good memory.
Principal Huggins::: I seem to recall you struggling to memorize your times tables, but I'll take your word for it.  I'll have the barbecued chicken salad, dressing on the side, and hot tea.
Cheryl::: And I will have the french dip, and iced tea, heavy on the sugar, sugar. 
Lori:::  Got it.  Barbecued chicken salad, dressing on the side, hot tea, french dip, iced tea, heavy on the sugar, sugar.
Scoots::: Waitress, what salad dressings do you have?
Lori::: Oh, um, let me just put in this order and I'll be right back and-
Scoots::: You carry ranch?
Lori:::  Yes, and we also have blue cheese, balsamic Caesar, and Italian, which one would you like?
Scoots::: I didn't order a salad, I just like to know.
Lori:::  Okay, now what did Cheryl and Huggins want? Side salad? No. Cob salad with no dressing? Uh-uh. No salad with extra dressing? Uh! I seem to remember a lot of sugar, but, that can't be right. Dang it! 
Cheryl:::  Busier than a one legged cat in a sandbox.
Lori:::  Sorry, but, I forgot your order.
Huggins:::  I knew it, I knew it, I knew it.
Lori:::  Care for a free mint?
Lynn Sr.:::  Order up!  Tables five and seven.
Lori:::  Thanks, Dad.  Wait, Kotaro said to carry all the plates at once.  I can do this, it's all about balance.
Cheryl:::  ...was like a possum eatin' a sweet tater. 
Lori::: No, no, no,  shoo fly, shoo.
Cheryl::: Never mind, hon.  We can grab some fish sticks at the school, hon.
Lori::: Hey Mom, hey Lis, you guys getting lunch?
Rita::: Yup, we wanted to wish you well on your first day. So, how's it going?
Lori:::  It's going, not good. I stink as a waitress, I can't remember the orders, I'm dropping all the food, and every time I pass Scoots' table she wants some weird thing. She just asked me to microwave some lemons, because they were too cold.
Lisa::: Fear not eldest sibling, I can help you with your waitressing woes. Frankly, I could use the challenge, it only took me seconds to solve the puzzle on the young humans menu.  BRB.
Lynn Sr.::: Lisa Marie! Where are you going with my good zester? Santa's watching!
Lisa:::  Please secure these to your back.  Behold, robotic waitress arms, they balance plates, feature a built in pepper mill, and condiment dispenser, and the best part is, they're voice activated, much like your smartphone.
Lori:::  Wow Lisa, thank you so much.
Lisa:::  I hope they serve you well. In the meantime,  may I request a booster seat?
Lori::: Coming right up. 
Male Customer:::  Can we get our bill?
Robot Arms:::  Pepper mill, coming up. 
Male Customer::: Wait, pepper makes me- 
Lori::: Robot arms, stop. Stop
Robot Arms:::  Two chopped salads? You got it. 
Lori::: No, that's not what I meant.
Robot Arms::: Condiments, coming right up.
Lori:::  Lisa, help.
Lisa::: Open the back panel and-  Or, that works too.
Lori::: I'm sorry, Dad. I'm literally a terrible waitress, even with robot arms. I guess are dream of working together isn't going to happen after all.
Lynn Sr.::: Nah, don't give up yet Lori-Lori-Morning Glory, there are plenty of other jobs you could try. You know what, I could really use an assistant chef, plus if you're back here, we get to hang out even more.
Lori:::  Perfect! So what can I get started on?
Lynn Sr.:::  How about you give those onions the old chippity-chop?
Lori:::  I'm on it.  Found a new job, luck startin' to turn, choppin' these onions, eyes, starting to burn.  Ow! Ow! Towel! I need a towel!
Lynn Sr.:::  Wait, no.  My aged ribeye!  My best friend!
Lori:::  Sorry, Dad! Sorry, Kotaro! Is there maybe a third job I could try?
Lori:::  So you'll have the steaks here by four?  Great, thanks Viera
Flip:::  I take it you're the valet.
Lori::: Yup.
Flip::: Fancy joint,  there, don't ding it, chief.
Lori:::  I'll just breath through my mouth.  That can't be good.  Why won't this get into gear?!  Maybe there's a fourth job I could try.
Flip::: Ah! What the dingous?
Lori:::  No! 
Lori:::  Better at this.
Flip:::  That's a nice john, I could have spent the afternoon in there.
Lori::: Sorry, I forgot to put out the wet floor sign.
Flip::: Hot cheese! Ooh, that's tasty though
Lori::: Okay, this is the only job left, I cannot mess this up.  All I have to do is shut it, and press start.  Oh-no, I forgot the soap.  Gah! Turn off! Turn off!
Lynn Sr.:::  Oh-no! Sweetie! I'll help you.
Lori::: Dad, I'm so sorry, but, I literally failed at every job.  There's nothing left for me to even try, I give up. 
Lynn Sr::: Awe, don't worry, kiddo. I'm sure we can still figure something out.
Lori::: No Dad, you should hire someone who will actually help you, not make your job harder.  Oh, I forgot to mention, I ordered more steaks from the distributers, since we lost all that ribeye, it should be here by four.  And I adjusted Kotaro and Grant's Saturday shifts, no need to have them both working in the morning when you're not busy right? 
Lynn Sr.::: Oh, uh, I, I didn't think to-
Lori:::  Last thing, I posted the specials online, so customers could see them ahead of time.
Lynn Sr.:::  Wow, that's actually a really good-
Lori:::  I better leave before I mess anything else up.
Lynn Sr.:::  You're not going anywhere.
Lori::: Huh?
Lynn Sr.::: I just realized there's a perfect job for you here after all; manager.
Lori::: What?
Lynn Sr::: All those things you just told me about; ordering, scheduling, promoting, that's all stuff a great manager does, and I could really use one, I've been using my hat as a filing cabinet.  What do you say, kiddo?
Lori::: You really think I could be manager?
Lynn Sr:::  Slicin' and dicin' this kiwi, so fast that you can't even see me. I'm a blur, I'm a blur- Ow! my finger.
Lori::: Hey, Dad. I got the table cloths laundered. Oh, and I found extra chairs in the basement so we don't need to order more. And I made the puzzle on the kiddie menu harder, per Lisa's request.
Lynn Sr.::: Wow, you did all that in a morning?
Lori::: Mmm-Hmm.
Lynn Sr.::: Kiddo,  you are the best manager I could ever hope for.
Lori::: Thanks Dad, I'm just glad we found a way to spend more time together.
Lynn Sr.::: Ah, me too sweetie, let's make the most of it while you-  Still here.
Lori:::  Oh, I did one more thing, took care of our most difficult customer.
T-Bone:::  Sick ride.
Biker #2::: Now that's a hog.
Lori::: Scoots just needed some friends.
Scoots::: Let's get a round of hot cheese dip, I'll tell you guys about the time I took this hog all the way to Vegas.
