Pageant Emcee::: Introducing your new, Little Miss Sunbeam.
Lola::: Oh, thank you, thank you, this is the most beautiful crown I've ever-
Lincoln::: Lola,  Lola, phone. Someone from the Little Miss Sunbeam pageant.
Lola:::  Hello, this is Lola Loud, your future Little Miss-  What? My application's been denied?!  Why? You got my headshot didn't you?  The holographic preview of my evening gown?  What could I have possibly missed.  Community service!?!
Lola::: So apparently Little Miss Sunbeam must be beautiful inside and out. How am I gonna clock ten hours of goody-two-shoes time by Saturday?
Lana::: You could pick up trash, I know some great spots.
Lisa:::  Hmm, you could volunteer at the library, re-shelving books.
Lola:::  Lisa! You know I can't use my inside voice for that long!
Lincoln::: What about being a new student buddy at school? Cheryl in the office is always looking for volunteers.
Lola:::  Lincoln! That is a terrible-  Wait, actually, that doesn't sound too bad.
Cheryl::: 𝘖𝘰𝘩 we are just delighted to have you on board Lola. Meet our newest new student, Meli Ramos.
Lola:::  There you are! Hi!  Welcome to Royal Woods Elementary.
Lola::: What was that, sweetie?
Meli:::  I noticed you on the playground earlier.
Lola::: You guys will not believe the crazy dream I had, last night.
Kid::: Ssh. Lola's got a story.
Lola::: So there I was, surrounded by fire breathing dragons, armed with nothing, but a nail file.
Meli::: You seem so confident and popular. Do you think you could help me, um, figure out how to fit in too?
Lola:::  Oh, of course!  I know all the secrets to social success.  Everyone is going to LOVE YOU! 
Lola's Thoughts::: And those pageant judges are going to love, me.
Lola::: Okay, for starters, you wanna get yourself noticed. Get people, you know, talking about you.
Meli::: Oh, I'm really just trying to blend in.
Lola::: Oh, no, no, no. Why blend in when you can make an entrance?!  Wait for it... 
First Grade Teacher::: Good morning class. Hmm, where's Lola?
Lana:::  Go sis! Go sis!
Lola::: Thank you, thank you, so kind, so kind. 
Lola::: Fun right? You should try something like that tomorrow.
Meli:::  Oh, I, I don't know about that.
Lola::: Maybe we could have you delivered to the classroom in a gift basket! Then you could  pop out during a quiz. I was gonna do that next week, but you can totally have it.
Lola::: Now lunch seating is a key part of social success. Where to sit today?
Girl::: Neigh!
Boy:::  Mooo!
Meli:::  Ooh, I brought my ponies too. Maybe we should sit with them.
Lola:::  Oh, honey, no. Those are kindergartners. We should aim a little higher, like those cool fourth-graders by the water fountain.
Meli:::  Do you know them?
Lola::: Nope, but that never stops me.  Just watch and learn.  That was hilarious! You guys saw that too right?
Fourth Grade Girl #1::: What was she talking about?
Fourth Grade Girl #2::: What did she see?
Fourth Grade Girl #1::: Take a seat kid, you should hang with us.
Lola::: Finally, recess!
Meli::: Maybe we could spend it in the library. I think I saw a copy of the new Dachshund Detective book.
Lola:::  The library? No! No, no, no, no! Okay, come on, we're going to the playground. It's time to teach you another one of my secrets. Don't just play the game, be the game.
Lola::: Okay everybody, time to play Lola tag!  The slides are safe zones, the mulch is lava, and you can only run backwards, oh, unless you skip. Ready? Go!  Okay, I'm gonna go catch everyone. Start making up your own game for when I get back.
Meli:::  Oh, um...
Lola::: Bye!
Meli::: Thanks for inviting me over, Lola.
Lola::: My pleasure, I thought we could play my favorite game,  Fashion makeover!  Hmm, now don't get me wrong. Love the grey. It's very... European. But have you ever thought about something a little more... Look at me? 
Meli::: You mean like a... ponytail?
Lola::: A ponytail?  No.
Lola::: I mean, like this.
Lola::: You're like a butterfly, a beautiful social butterfly ready to take flight! I think our work here is done.
Lana::: Geez Lola, I can't believe you're missing a field trip to Dairyland for a pageant.
Lola:::  Some crowns are worth making sacrifices for.
Rita:::  Okay Miss Lana, let's get you on the bus, and remember our rule for Dairyland.  Gum in the dirt, is not dessert.
Lana::: Oh, man.
Lana and Rita:::  Gum in the dirt, is not dessert.
Meli:::  I'm so glad you're here. I was nervous I'd have to spend the whole day at Dairyland by myself.
Lola::: Oh, yeah, um, actually, I'm not going to Dairyland. I'm on my way to the Little Miss Sunbeam pageant!  But what do you have to be nervous about? You look great, and besides, I taught you all my social secrets.
Meli::: Well yeah, and you make it all look so easy, but I don't think I can pull it off.
Rita:::  Oh, what a cute outfit, Lola has one just like it.  We better get going sweetie, you know how vicious those pageant parents are about their precious parking spots.
Lola::: Oh you'll be fine. Chin up, and do that laughing thing.  Step on it Mom!
Pageant Emcee::: Ah! What a twirl! Such talent. Let's see if the judges agree.
Rita::: Way to go Lola, I think that was your best ribbon dance yet.
Lola::: Thanks, Mommy.
Rita::: Oh.  Aww, how cute, look at this photo your teacher sent from Dairyland.  Doesn't Lana look adorable in her little udder hat?
Lola:::  Uh, where's Meli?
Pageant Emcee:::  Excuse me, crown coming through.
Lola:::  Wow, so sparkly.
Pageant Emcee:::  Stunning, this gown is even better than the holographic preview.
Dairyland Worker::: You two are good.  Sorry, you need two to ride kid.
Abigail::: Wait, who are we missing?  There she is.  Lana, get in here.
Lana:::  I found a candy apple on the ground.
Pageant Emcee::: Miss Loud?  Miss Loud?
Lola:::  Oh, right.  Get your head back in the game Lols, Meli is probably having a great time at Dairyland. You just have a dramatic imagination! But, maybe I should check in with Lana, just to be sure.  Mom, can I use your phone?
Lana::: What's up, sis? Wishin' you'd come here instead of prancing around in some pinchy shoes?
Lola::: No, I was just wondering how everyone was doing; you, Tippy the Cow, that new girl Meli.
Lana::: Meli? Uh, hard to say, she's been in the bathroom pretty much the whole time.  Maybe she had one of the new bleu cheese milkshakes, they'd make anyone go.
Lola::: No, I know why she's in there, and it's all my fault. Thanks Lana.
Lana::: Woah, Mom didn't say anything about cheese curds.  Ah, man, come on! 
Pageant Emcee::: Uh, excuse me, Miss Loud, but the judges haven't finished tabulating your scores ye- 
Lola::: I would like to disqualify myself from this pageant.
Pageant Emcee:::  But why?  You were a shoo-in!
Lola:::  It doesn't matter. I didn't fulfil the community service requirement, I was supposed to help someone, but I only helped myself.  Goodbye, sweet crown.  Mom, how fast can we get to Dairyland?
Lola::: Meli?  Meli?  Meli, I'm so sorry.
Meli:::  Lola, don't, the floor's gross.
Lola::: No, I'm gross. I was supposed to help you fit in, but instead of listening to what you needed, I told you a bunch of junk that probably only works for me. And all so I could check off a requirement for the pageant.
Meli::: Oh, I see. Well, did you win?
Lola::: I dropped out, I didn't deserve to have that crown, and I didn't want you to have a bad time at Dairyland. This place is actually really fun. Wanna go on a ride? Maybe split a candy apple?
Meli::: That sounds nice.
Lola::: But first, I got you this. 
Meli:::  My favorite color.
Lola::: Meli, this is Armen, he's into ponies too.
Armen::: Tinytrot's my fave.
Lola::: Abigail, have you met Meli? I think you guys both like those, doggy investigator books.
Abigail::: Have you read the one where he busts the chinchilla?
Meli::: So good.
Lola:::  Nice one.
Dairyland Worker::: And that's the way the cookie crumbles, nice work kid. Which prize do you want?
Meli:::  Here Lola, you deserve this. 
Lola:::  A cheese crown?  This is the most beautiful crown I've ever worn.  Lana!
Lana::: Sorry, I had to eat something.
