Lincoln:::  Today's the big day. The grand opening of my dad's restaurant, Lynn's Table. That's right, his dream of opening his own place is finally coming true. But let me tell ya, it hasn't been easy getting here.
Lincoln::: First, Dad had to find a place.
Lynn Sr.::: So, what do you guys think?
Lola:::  I think, it stinks!
Lana:::  That's the best part!  Cod, with a hint of lobster paste.
Lynn Sr.::: Look, it's going upstream to spawn. 
Lynn::: Yeah, on your car.
Lynn Sr.:::  AAHH!  Ah--oh-oh no, not Vanzilla.
Lincoln::: Once Dad bought the old fish shack, we all pitched in to fix it up.  Coming through.  Lynn handled the demolition.
Lynn::: You want me to knock down that wall too, Dad? 
Lynn Sr.::: No no, no no, no no no no no, that one's load-bearing! 
Lincoln::: And Lana fixed up the bathrooms.
Lana::: I hooked you up big time, Dad. That bathroom is so nice, I wouldn't be surprised if people stopped by just to use it.
Lynn Sr.::: Well, I hope they'll at least buy an appetizer.
Lana::: Hops was testing out the heated toilet seats.
Lincoln::: And Lisa helped Dad get ready for his health inspection, though I think she was little tougher on Dad than the actual inspector.
Lisa:::  Tsk tsk tsk, your dumpster should be a minimum of fifteen feet from your exit, you're three inches short, that's an infraction.  Hm, no hairnet, that's another infraction.
Lincoln::: Next, it was time for Dad to hire a few employees.
Lynn Sr.::: So, why do you want to work here?
Mrs. Bernardo::: I was just cast as Waitress #3 in the Royal Woods One Act Festival, so I need to prepare for the role.  Would you like a table or would you like a booth.  Oh, did I mention it was a musical?
Lynn Sr.::: So, why do you want to work here?
A. Kidd:::  Yeah, my parents are forcing me to get a job since I left our car's sunroof open in the rain and ruined it, but I'm like, really responsible.
Leni::: What, I find him relatable.
Lynn Sr.::: Why do you want to work here?
Mr. Grouse::: I don't want to work here, Loud, I came to tell you your dog went on my lawn. Feel free to pick it up!
Lincoln::: But eventually, Dad found the perfect people for the job, his best friend and band-mate Kotaro, and Grant, the Burpin' Burger's two time employee of the month.
Lynn Sr.::: Pound it guys, now blow it up. 
Lincoln::: The best part of helping Dad get ready was tasting the sample menu.
Lynn Sr.::: Now everyone take a comment card and rate the dishes based on presentation, texture, flavor-  Slow down, I need detailed feedback.
Lynn:::  I just ate my comment card.
Lincoln::: All that's left now, are a few last minute touches.
Leni:::  Lincoln! Dad's gathering everyone!  Oh, I guess he's not out here.
Lynn Sr.:::  Hey everybody, I just wanted to say thanks for helping get this place ready.  Ta-da!  Now there's just one thing left to do, and it's kind of a biggie; publicity.  Now, I had a truck load of flyers made for you kids to distribute all around town, nothing fancy just advertising great food at a great price, I was thinking that could be our motto.
Lori:::  Uh, Dad, I think there's a typo.
Lynn Sr.::: What?  'Come on down to Lynn's table for our gah... gland opening '? Ah no.
Lisa::: It sounds like you're offering treatment for lymphadenitis.
Lynn Sr.::: What am I gonna do? There's not enough time to reprint these. Oh, ah, this is bad, this is a - no one's gonna show up and we'll be totally sunk. 
Lincoln::: Hey Dad, I've got an idea; why don't you let us take care of the promoting? I'm sure we can come up with something.
Lola::: Yeah! We can help Daddy.
Luan::: Of course, I'd be gland to do it. 
Lisa::: Whelp, I'll go ahead and recycle these.
Lynn Sr.::: Ah, sweetie, we don't have a recycling bin yet.
Lisa::: Oh, I see,  that is another infraction.
Lori:::  Okay, so let's all pitch our ideas on how to promote Dad's restaurant, then we can vote for our favorite. Who want's to go first?  Why am I not surprised?
Lincoln:::  Picture this; airing on every TV in Royal Woods, a commercial for Dad's restaurant.  The angle, 'Let a man used to cooking for thirteen handle your huge party, big groups encouraged, buses welcome', a-thank you, a-thank you.
Lisa::: According to my research, and personal experience; there's nothing people love more than... Bottomless baskets of fries! I propose we offer them with every entrée.
Lori::: I say, we install a photo booth,  it would pull in literally every teen in Royal Woods.
Luan:::  So as you see, mine is the batter idea. 
Lola::: Ta-da! It's perfect.
Luna:::  Ta-daaaa! Yeah!
Lucy::: Ta-da.
Leni::: And there it is, bingo.
Lynn::: It's a home run.
Lana::: And there you have it. 
Lori::: Thank you, Lily, displaying your fridge art is a very creative idea. Now that all of us have presented, let's put it to a vote.
Lori:::  ...and one booger smeared vote for Lana's plan. 
Lincoln::: It's officially an eleven way tie. Did everyone just vote for themselves?  Well, I think we should go with my commercial idea. No offense, but... it's the most thought-out plan.
Lisa::: Excuse me, hours of research went into my fries proposal.
Lynn::: How are you gonna get your commercial on TV anyway, Stinkin'? Huh? Did you even think about that!?
Lincoln::: Yes I did, Lynn! Clyde's dads happen to have a connection at the TV station.
Lynn::: Pfft. What a load. 
Lincoln::: You're just mad that no one liked your idea.
Lynn::: Yeah, well, I liked it.
Luan::: You also liked the taste of your own burps. Now what about my plan?
Lana::: Forget that. I say we use mine!
Lola::: No! Yours stunk big time!
Lana::: You TAKE THAT BACK!
Lola::: MAKE ME!
Lucy::: That's it. I'm done with this conversation.
Lori:::  Well, I'm done with you guys BEING IN MY ROOM!
Lola::: Well, I'm done with looking at your face, Lori!
Lincoln::: Guys, wait! What are we gonna do for the grand opening?
Lincoln:::  Well, my sisters may be fine with dropping the ball, but I'm not. Dad's counting on us.  So I’m just gonna go ahead and make my commercial without their help. And when busloads of customers show up to Dad's restaurant, he'll have me to thank. All I need now is a cameraman.  Clyde, how would you like to help me shoot a commercial?
Clyde::: Uh, yeah, I'm in.
Lincoln::: Umm, do you think you could bring that tree costume you wore last Christmas?
Clyde::: Okay, now I'm really in.
Jean Juan Host::: Welcome to Jean Juan's French Mex Buffet. How can I help you?
Lincoln:::  Can I get a table for thirteen? The rest of my party is outside parking.
Jean Juan Host::: Thirteen? That's a lot of people to seat. Why didn't you call ahead?
Lincoln:::  Does this ever happen to you? Being publicly shamed for trying to dine with a big group.
Jean Juan Host:::  Why are you talking to that tree?  When did we get a tree?
Lincoln:::  Well, at Lynn's Table, big groups are our specialty,  after all, chef Lynn's been cooking for a family of thirteen for years.
Jean Juan Host::: Are you filming?  You can't do that in here!
Lincoln:::  Cut! Bail, Clyde! Bail!  Nice work, buddy, we got what we needed, on to the next location.
Clyde::: Sorry, my branches got caught in the spokes.
Lynn Sr.::: Okay team, T-minus five minutes until the grand opening. By the way, I ordered too much ginger, so really push the Lynn-ger chicken.
Lincoln::: Dad, we've got the greatest surprise for you ever; Clyde and I took care of the whole promotion problem, we made you a commercial.
Clyde:::  And it should be airing, right about now. 
Katherine Mulligan::: And in local news; several civilians have reported seeing an alleged... tree monster, riding a bicycle. This is Katherine Mulligan, and I'll have the full story for you, after the break.
Clyde::: Okay, rolling.
Lincoln::: Bowling?
Clyde::: No, rolling.
Lincoln::: Have you ever gone out to eat with a big group and had this happen?
Jean Juan Host::: That's a lot of people to seat. Why didn't you call ahead?
Lincoln::: Have you too been...
Male Voice::: Rejected!
Aloha Comrade Host::: It's going to be at least hour wait.
Male Voice::: Rejected!
Giovanni Changs Host:::  You're kidding, right?
Male Voice::: Rejected!
Bangers and Mosh Host::: I can seat you in pairs, but one person's gonna have to sit by himself.
Male Voice::: Rejected! Re- Re- Re- Re- Re- Rejected!
Lincoln::: Well, then come on down to Lynn's Table.  Chef Lynn will be sure to take care of your large party.  After all, when it comes to serving delicious food to big groups, This father of eleven is an expert.
Clyde:::  Buses welcome.
Lincoln and Clyde::: A Clincoln McCloud Production. All rights reserved.
Lincoln::: So, what'd you think?
Lynn Sr.::: Uh, I think it was... Fantastic! Talk about showmanship, you and Clyde knocked it out of the park. How did you get it on TV?
Clyde::: You know Patchy Drizzle, the local weatherman? My dad plays racketball with him.
Lynn Sr.::: Thanks, Clyde, hey, there's a free appetizer with your name on it.
Clyde::: Yum, well, I'd better go home and change into my formal wear for the opening.
Lynn Sr.::: Hey, keep an eye out for that tree monster, especially if he offers you candy!  Great work, son. Did the girls help too?
Lincoln::: Psh, no, they all bailed after we couldn't agree on an idea.
Lori:::  Can you believe it, Bobby? They all bailed after we couldn't agree on an idea.
Lisa:::  Except me, I came up with-
Lana:::  The perfect idea.
Luna::: A killer promo.
Lola::: A flawless plan.
Lucy:::  All on my own.
Luan::: And, it's totally gonna bring in-
Leni::: A ton of customers.
Lynn::: Half the town.
Lily::: Poo-poo da-gah.
Sisters (minus Lily)::: The place is gonna be packed!
Lynn Sr.:::  Well, no worries, son, looks like the grand opening's gonna be smooth sailing.
Lynn Sr.::: Okay guys, this is it, time for the grand opening to officially begin. Oh, I hate to start without the girls, but the show must go on.  Son, the commercial worked.
Bus Driver::: Where can I park my bus?
Lincoln::: I'll handle it.
Rita:::  Ah, nice try.  Alright, are we working with a hydraulic brake system here?
Lynn Sr.:::  Alright my friends, pound it,  now blow it up. 
Lincoln:::  Hello! And welcome to Lynn's Table,  please make your way to the host stand, we can seat your entire party immediately.  Yes, keep those buses a comin'.
Rita::: Lincoln.
Lynn Sr.::: Chipity-chop, a carrot's a root, yeah, I'm cookin' a root, yeah, it's out of the ground, but, I washed it off, and chipity-chop chop, just slice.  a chipity-chop, chipity-chop chop, a slice, slice, slicety-  Ow! My finger.  Lisa! Sweetie, there you are.
Lisa::: Father, I come bearing the solution to your promotional problem.
Lynn Sr.::: Oh, did you do your own promo too?
Lisa::: Yep, I took it upon myself to make an offer to potential customers,  bottomless baskets of fries, with the purchase of an entrée.
Lynn Sr.::: That's a great idea, short stack!
Lisa::: Apparently. I've just escorted in four tables worth of patrons, all clamouring for endless potato goodness.  Start your fryers.
Lynn Sr.:::  Two promotions at once? Sure got some creative kids.  A peel-ity pie, a peel-ity pie, a this guy is making some frenchy fries.  Ow, my finger!
Luan::: Dad, guess what?
Lynn Sr.::: Chicken butt?
Luan::: No, no no, this is no time for jokes. I have to tell you about this genius promotion I did!
Lynn Sr.::: You did a promotion?
Luan::: Uh-huh, and it's sure to bring in a ton of customers. I spread the word that if you celebrate your birthday here, you get a free dessert, and the whole staff sings you a special birthday song.
Lynn Sr.::: That's a fantastic idea, honey!
Luan::: And, our first birthday's ready for a song.  Come on, I'll teach you the words on the way.  A-one, two, three...
Luan, Lynn Sr., Kotaro, and Grant:::  Happy, happy birthday, from all of your new friends. We hope you have a good one, here with us at Lynn's, hey!
Luan::: And now, for your special birthday dessert.
Lynn Sr.::: Ho, I can't wait to see this. Oh, right, I have to make it.
Lori::: Oh, sorry, Dad. How do you like the promotion I did for your restaurant?
Lynn Sr.:::  Oh, ha, another promotion.
Lori::: Yeah, it's a photo booth, totally going to draw in the teen crowd. Look, there's already people waiting to use it.  So far, they've only ordered water, but still, I'm going to go break it in. 
Lisa:::  Father, where are the fries? Chop chop, and I mean that literally.
Lynn Sr.::: On it, honey.  Ugh, okay, uh, I gotta bake the cake, fry the potatoes, and, agggh, what was that other thing?  Did someone leave the door open?!
Lana::: Hey, Dad! I got the best news!
Lynn Sr.:::  Let me guess, you did a promotion?
Lana::: Yup, I said we're offering a special menu for pets.
Lincoln::: Dad, we got two more buses.  It's a bachelorette party, they wanna know where they can put their mechanical bull.
Lynn Sr.::: Uh, hmm...
Luan::: We've got another birthday.  One, two, three...
Luan, Lynn Sr., Kotaro, Grant:::  Happy, happy birthday, from all of your new friends. We hope you have a good one, here with us at Lynn's, hey!
Luan::: And, your birthday dessert. 
Lynn Sr.:::  Will be coming later.
Lynn::: Dad, I totally crushed this whole promotional thing.
Lynn Sr.:::  You did?
Lynn::: I got my whole softball team here, I told them you were running a special for the athlete on the go.
Lynn Sr.:::  Okay, what is it?
Lynn::: If you don't get your food in fifteen minutes or less, it's free.  I made the announcement at the game, so the other teams hear too.
Lynn Sr.::: What?!
Lynn::: Oh, and you should probably start cooking, cause it's already been like eight minutes. 
Lynn Sr.:::  Wa, wait.  Ah, okay, okay, first; birthday cake, then second birthday cake, french fries, correction; I need lots of french fries, food for pets. Ahhh! Lynn, there's no time to think! Just cook!
Kotaro::: It's getting even crazier out there, Lynn, you might wanna take a look.
Luna::: As promised, every meal comes with a free concert. And a-one, two, three!  Lynn's Table! Come in if you're able!  If not, we deliver!
Lynn Sr.:::  No we don't!
Leni::: Okay, remember everyone; if you get a bingo, you win a free app!
Lynn Sr.::: No! You don't!
Leni::: B-11!
Scoots:::  Bingo, baby! Haha, fry me up some pickles!
Liam::: I've always wanted to take the gang out for a night on the town,  and it is Virginia's birthday so, we'd sure love a song.
Lana:::  Here you go, birthday princess.
Lisa::: Gah! My fries! 
Lana:::  Oh, I'm so sorry about that, tonight's dinner is on us.
Kotaro:::  Gotcha, buddy.
Lola::: Daddy, where are those finger sandwiches for my tea party?
Luan::: I've got another birthday, but she doesn't speak English, so we've gotta do the song in Korean.
Lana::: Order up, a bowl of crickets for the iguana at table six.
Lisa:::  Father, I need forty pounds of fries pronto, the potato fiends won't rest.
Lincoln::: Dad, another bus just pulled in, they said they're gluten-free paleo-vegans. We can make something for them right?
Lynn::: Dad, I need a chicken fried steak, we've got thirty seconds, go, go, go.
Lynn Sr.::: Everybody, stop! These promotions are just too ding-dang much!
Lincoln::: Sorry, Dad, we didn't know everybody was doing their own thing.
Lynn Sr.::: I just wish you kids had worked together to come up with one idea, that I could have handled, but now there's just too many things hittin' me all at once.  There's another one.
Leni:::  Hey Dad, Bernie just got a double bingo. do we have Ba-ba-ga-noush?  Where's Dad?  Why is he napping during the gland opening?
Lisa:::  His vitals are fine, but when he wakes up, he'll have a considerable contusion.
Luna::: Dudes, I feel terrible.
Lori::: Me too, Dad's opening night is a disaster, and it's all our fault.
Rita::: Well, with your father out of commission, I don't think we can keep the restaurant going.  I'll go tell the customers they have to go home.  Just to be safe. 
Lincoln:::  Mom, wait, maybe it's not too late to save the grand opening.
Lana::: How are we gonna do that?
Lincoln::: By working together, just like Dad wanted us to do in the first place.
Lincoln::: Excuse me! May I have your attention, everybody!  I know you all came here cause of the promotions we offered-
Elderly Woman::: Bingo!  Oh, sorry.
Lincoln::: But the thing is, my sisters and I came up with those without telling our dad, so unfortunately, we can no longer honor all of our promises.  But if you're willing to stick around; there is one promise we can honor, our dad's great food at a great price.  Okay, time to work together, pound it guys.  Now blow it up.
Kotaro::: Order up!  Potato and chicken dump-Lynns.
Rita:::  Fresh out.
Lori::: No problem, Mom, I know that recipe by heart.  Here, this Lynn-til soup goes to table three.
Lynn and Kotaro::: Got it.
Leni::: Please take a seat. Oh, but, give it back at the end of your meal.
Lisa::: May I recommend the Lynn-ger chicken?
Lana::: Thank you.
Lynn::: Order up. This is the home stretch guys, we're almost there.
Lucy::: Where's Dad? I have the ultimate promotion, I invited Katherine Mulligan from channel three to come interview him.
Rita:::  You did what?
Luna:::  Bad timing, dude.
Lucy::: Gasp.
Lincoln:::  Nobody panic, I've got an idea.
Katherine Mulligan::: This is Katherine Mulligan, here at Lynn's Table, talking to the man behind the name, Chef Lynn Loud.  This has been the most successful grand opening Royal Woods has ever seen. How'd you do it?  So modest. How does it feel?  I bet. And how do you plan to celebrate?  Ha, ha, a good night sleep, I don't blame you.  Well, Lynn Loud is a man of few words, but he lets his food do the talking, I'm Katherine Mulligan saying that if you're looking for a delicious, family-friendly meal, look no further than Lynn's Table.
Lynn Sr.::: Wow, thanks for making me look so good, kids, I can't believe you pulled that off.
Lincoln::: It was the least we could do after the mess we made.
Lynn Sr.::: Well, once you worked together, you really turned things around. In fact, the grand opening was even better than I could have hoped for, Ah, bring it in here.
Lynn::: Bring it in.
Lynn Sr.::: Now, I was thinking; since you guys were such a big help, maybe I should name a few dishes after you.
Luan::: Ooh, how about a Luan-chovy pizza.
Lori::: Oh oh, chicken caccia-Lori.
Lynn Sr.::: I love those! Keep 'em coming.
Lana::: Lana-cotti.
Lola::: Buffa-Lola chicken wings.
Rita::: Hummus and Rita chips.
Lincoln::: Beef well-Lincoln.
Lucy::: Lu-Caesar salad.
Luna::: Luna casserole.
Leni::: Ooh, I got one: hamburgers.
