Announcer::: It's the top of the ninth inning and things are not looking good for the Royal Woods Kangaroos. They are down eight to one against the Hazeltucky Hockers!
Lynn::: Quiet, chump! You got this, Margo!?
Flip::: Huh?  Hey, you still gotta pay for that!  One of you Kangaroos owes me big!
Umpire::: That's ball four!
Lynn::: Ugh! Time, time!  Alright, you're done. Time to bench it.  Paula, look alive! You're pitching!
Announcer::: Team captain Lynn Loud is making her fifth pitching change.  That ball is outta here!
Lynn:::  Oh...
Flip:::  Aw, come on! 
Announcer:::  Another loss for the Kangaroos!
Lynn::: Dad, can you please turn it off?
Announcer::: I just don't know if team captain Lynn Loud has what it takes to lead Royal Woods to victory.
Lynn::: Turn it off! Turn it off!
Announcer::: If you ask me, she should be taking this perso-
Lynn Sr.:::  Hey, don't listen to that guy. He doesn't know anything.
Lynn:::  No, he's right. We haven't won a single game. And as captain, that's on me. I'd get out there myself, but I'm banned from pitching...
Goat Wrangler Kid::: Billygoats! Billygoats!
Goat::: Baaaaad pitcher!  Baaaaad pitcher!
Lynn::: ...unless that goat drops its lawsuit.
Lynn Sr.::: Don't worry, LJ. You've still got plenty of time left in the season, and I'm here for you no matter-  Oh! Farm fresh eggs! I mean, to make you a consolation omelette?
Farmer:::  I'll take a dozen cow pies, please. This mama runs on manure. 
Liam::: You got it. Lucky for you, Bessie had a big morning.  Farm fresh cow pies, coming right up!
Lynn::: Whoa.
Liam::: Oops. Sorry, fella.
Lynn::: Whoa, Liam! Why didn't Stinkin' ever tell me that you had such an incredible arm?!
Liam::: Uh, I dunno.
Lynn:::  Hey, hey, hey. You wanna play some baseball? Our team could really use you!
Liam::: Sounds fun! But the only sport I've ever played was hog-wrasslin'.
Lynn::: No prob. You got the best trainer in the biz! And with you on the mound, I might be able to turn this season around.
Liam:::  Sorry 'bout that.
Lynn::: OK. Now just pretend that you're throwing a cow pie, and aim for that egg. That's the magic strike zone.  Your speed is incredible, but your control could use some work.
Liam::: Well, baseball's feel mighty different from cow pies.  But they sure do smell better.
Lynn::: More to the left.  Uh, more to the right.  Don't think so much. Just pitch.  Welcome to the team, Cow Pie Kid!
Liam::: Whoo-hoo!  A celebration like this calls for a pig pile! Ha-ha! Woo-hoo!
Lynn::: Alright, ready for your first game kid?
Liam::: I'm more nervous than a sheep with the hiccups being shorn, but...
Lynn::: Just remember what we practiced.  Don't think. You got this.
Umpire::: Play ball!
Announcer::: Now pitching for the Kangaroos is rookie Liam Hunnicutt. Word is that captain Lynn Loud recruited him from the farm after seeing him toss some cow pies. Let's see how this kid does with a baseball.
Umpire::: Strike one!  Strike two!  Strike three! You're out!  You're outta here!  Strike three!  Hit the showers!
Announcer::: The Kangaroos have won their first game this season! What a shut out! Thanks to Lynn Loud and her new ace.  There's a glimmer of hope for this team.
Paula::: Great job today.
Liam::: Awe, shucks. Thanks Paula.
Lynn:::  Okay, listen up everyone.  That was a great game, but we need to keep these wins coming. That means we gotta work hard and give it our all. And Liam, you're gonna pitch every game.
Liam:::  Wow, I'm honored. But, I sure hope I don't let y'all down.
Lynn::: Don't worry, Cow Pie Kid. We believe in you.
Announcer::: And another win for the Kangaroos!
Liam::: Ow! Oh, heavens to Betsy.
Lynn::: Saving your arm for the game? Good thinking, dude. I just saved my legs.  Paula! Come carry me!
Announcer::: It's the bottom of the ninth, with two outs. The Kangaroos can pull this win out, they'll be tied for first place.  Strike three! The Kangaroos win!
Lynn::: Alright everybody. Gather 'round.  This is our last practice before the big game. We win tomorrow, and we're the champs of our division. I know, we can't lose with Cow Pie on the mound, but let's get some good hustle in today. Go!
Lynn::: It's okay, Teddy. Walk it off. Don't worry about it, Liam. Just give it another go.  What's going on?
Liam::: Ugh. My arm's plum-tuckered out!
Paula::: Sounds like noodle arm. Happened to my cousin. Her coach made her rest it and it got better after a few days.
Liam:::  But we don't have a few days! The championship game is tomorrow.
Lynn::: I think I know someone who might be able to help us.
Lisa::: This high-powered laser will realign the nerves and muscles in your arm and resynchronize your pitch.
Liam::: Yikes, is it gonna hurt?
Lynn::: Nah.
Lisa::: It'll be pain like you've never known.
Liam::: Naw. Ain't nothing more than a skeeter bite.
Lynn::: Alright! Let's see that fastball now!  Sock it to me, kid!
Lola::: Ooh, girl- 
Liam::: Sorry, Lincoln's sister!
Lynn::: Okay, I'm starting to stress.  Your aim is still off, and we're running out of time.
Lucy::: Sigh.  I might know a way to help.
Lucy::: Okay. Now I'll just need a strand of your hair.  Strand of red hair, stinger of a bee. Cure Liam's arm so he can...  ahem.  ...pitch pain-free.
Lynn::: Anything?
Liam:::  Ho, ho. Hoo-wie! That's unbelievable. I got no pain at all. Let's see if I can throw.
Lynn::: Boom! The Cow Pie Kid is back! 
Lucy::: Ow.
Announcer::: Bottom of the first and we got the Cow Pie Kid on the mound! Looking to bring the Kangaroos a championship.
Umpire::: Strike!
Liam::: Whoo-hoo!
Umpire::: You're outta here!  Strike three! 
Announcer::: Tight game here at the ninth, with loaded bases and two outs. Cow Pie Kid is one out away from the big win!
Umpire::: Ball one!
Lynn::: Time out! Time out!  Kid! What happened?
Liam::: I don't know, my arm just plum popped.
Lynn:::  Yo! We need some science over here!
Lisa:::  Hmm, looks like an acute soft tissue injury to his contractile components. I'd say there's a thirty percent chance he can continue pitching and a seventy percent chance doing so could permanently damage his arm.
Lynn::: I'm liking these odds. What do you think, kid?
Liam::: Well, I ain't never been a numbers guy. Alls I know is I wanna win. And I sure don't wanna let down my team.
Announcer::: Well, it's game on, and it looks like team captain Lynn Loud is gonna allow an injured Cow Pie Kid to stay on the mound. We're down to the wire folks, this could very well be the winning pitch, clinching one of the biggest season turnarounds in the history of the league. 
Liam:::  Oh!
Lynn:::  Give me the ball, kid. You're benched.
Liam::: Wait, what?
Lynn:::  I can't do this. The championship isn't worth risking an injury to your arm.
Liam::: Dang it. Well, you're the captain.
Lynn::: Paula! You're pitching!
Announcer::: Looks like captain Lynn Loud is benching the Cow Pie Kid and putting perennially injured, Paula Price, up on the mound.  With bases loaded, two outs, and two strikes, the championship rides on this pitch.  That ball is outta here!  Hazeltucky has won the championship!
Lynn::: Hey, Paula, pick your chin up. I think if we work on your curveball, that championship is ours next season.
Announcer::: You know I gotta say, to sacrifice a win like that to protect your player, now that's a good team captain right there.
Liam:::  Pig pile!  We might not have won, but, that sure was a heck of a ride, Lynn.  Virginia, no!
