Carlitos::: Ahh! Bl-bl-bl!
Bobby::: Abuelo, you got the ladder, right?
Hector::: Hang on, Bobby, I'm updating my status.  Decorating for Dia de los Muertos. Skull emoji, smiley face...  ...cacahuates, chimichangas, y balloons.
Rosa::: Carl, don't just throw the marigolds, you're supposed to make a path, so our ancestors can find their way here.
Carl::: Our ancestors don't have GPS?
Sid::: Wow, what's all this?
Rosa::: It's for our Día de los Muertos celebration.
Ronnie Anne::: Day of the Dead.
Sid::: Oh, is that like Mexican Halloween?
Rosa::: No Mija, it has nothing to do with Halloween; it's the day that we honor our loved ones who have passed away.
Sid:::  By bowling.
Ronnie Anne:::  Sid, no.  Right? We don't bowl. Do we?
Rosa::: No, I see your mother hasn't taught you enough about your traditions.  This is an ofrenda, where we place pictures of our loved ones.  This is your great grandfather Lázaro, mi papá,  he loved sweet tamales and bowling, between you and me, he was much better at eating tamales than at bowling.  I put these things on the ofrenda, so we can enjoy them, while he visits us, on this special day. I miss my papá a lot, but this holiday always makes me feel close to him.
Sid::: Mrs. Casagrande, is Day of the Dead for pets too? My sister Adelaide lost her pet Froggy a few weeks ago and she's really sad, maybe this could make her feel better.
Rosa::: Of course, that's a great idea, but there's a lot more to know about Día de los Muertos,  why don't we sit down and-
Ronnie Anne::: Thanks, Abuela!
Carl::: How far is the land of the dead anyway?
Documentary Narrator::: It's Frog Week on the National Frogographic Channel, like it is every week.
Sid::: See, she's a mess, she can't stop thinking about Froggy.
Ronnie Anne:::  Hey Adelaide, you know what today is? The Day of the Dead.
Adelaide:::  Day of the what?
Sid::: Day of the Dead; it's a special holiday where Froggy can come visit you.
Adelaide::: Really? How?
Ronnie Anne::: First we have to build an altar and put all the stuff Froggy likes on it. What was he into?
Adelaide::: Oh, so many things.  His favorite food, bacon bits.  This was his favorite movie, The Hoppit.  Shoelace jumprope, it kept him in shape for catching flies.
Ronnie Anne:::  Okay! Sergio!
Sergio:::  Special delivery, fresh from Carlitos.
Adelaide:::  And the lily pad with the big flower.
Ronnie Anne::: Seeing the lily pad on her head] Got it.
Ronnie Anne::: What do you think, Adelaide?
Adelaide::: I think Froggy will love it.  You guys can go now, I'm just going to sit here and wait for him to come back.
Ronnie Anne:::  Uh Adelaide, a tiny misunderstanding, Froggy doesn't actually come back,  he just...
Adelaide::: What do you mean?! You told me he was going to come visit, I though we we're gonna jump rope, and watch a movie, and eat bacon bits.
Sid::: Well, we didn't mean visit we meant.  What did we mean?
Adelaide:::  Now I miss Froggy even more! 
Sid::: Whoops.
Ronnie Anne::: Chi-huahua, what do we do now?
Sid::: I once had a goldfish that died, and my mom just replaced it and acted like it was the same fish.
Ronnie Anne::: Oh yeah, that still works on Bobby.
Sid::: To the pet store.
Pete::: Well, I don't usually rent frogs but, I'll make an exception, I am such a big fan of your mom,  her gator tour is the best thing at the zoo.
Sid::: Thanks, Pete.  Now, remember, if anyone asks, your name is Froggy.
Ronnie Anne::: Adelaide! Someone's here to see you!
Adelaide:::  I don't wanna see anyone.
Ronnie Anne::: Not even Froggy?
Adelaide::: Froggy!  You're back! I have a whole list of things for us to do, come on, let's hit the park.
Ronnie Anne::: Careful not to get him dirty.
Adelaide::: Why?
Sid::: Cause we won't get our deposit back.  From, uh, the afterlife.
Adelaide:::  Okay.
Sid::: Okay Froggy, time to go back.
Sid::: I'm just gonna go ahead and say it, that was a pretty great plan.
Ronnie Anne::: I'm just gonna go ahead and agree.
Sid::: Hey Adelaide, what's going on?
Adelaide:::  I guess Froggy had to leave, but since that worked so well, I thought I'd bring back Great Aunt Millie, Old Mr. Woodford, and Abraham Lincoln.  I forgot Lincoln's top hat.  I love this holiday.
Ronnie Anne::: Oh-no! What did we do?
Sid::: This is bad, we can't rent a Great Aunt Millie, or an Abraham Lincoln, and I have no idea who Old Mr. Woodford is.
Ronnie Anne::: But if we can't produce these people, Adelaide will know that Froggy didn't really come back, she'll be crushed.
Sid::: Well then we have to bring them back too.
Ronnie Anne::: Tío Carlos, would you mind help me and Sid with our school play?
Carlos::: Wha- sure, what's it about?
Ronnie Anne::: It involves Abraham Lincoln.
Carlos::: Oh, fore score, and say no more.
Ronnie Anne::: Huh, looks great, just one more detail.  Tada.  Okay, now hop on.
Sid::: This is bad timing, but I have to go to the bathroom.
Carlos:::  Greetings audience members.
Adelaide:::  Wow, Abraham Lincoln, it worked.  I didn't know what you liked to eat, so I got you a hotdog.
Carlos:::  Ooh, I've never had one of these before, but I'll give Mary Todd the recipe.
Sid:::  Hey there dearie,  It's me, Great Aunt Millie.
Adelaide::: Aunt Millie!  You feel, lumpy.
Sid::: Thank you sweetie, I've been getting ripped in the afterlife.
Adelaide:::  I've got your favorite perfume.
Sid::: Well that was a great visit,  but I'd better get back to the gym, they don't call me Aunt, Treadmillie for nothing.
Adelaide::: Bye Aunt Millie! 
Sid:::  Hurry get up there.
Ronnie Anne::: I'm trying.
Sid::: You're facing the wrong way.
Ronnie Anne::: Sorry.  Sid, I'm still backwards.  Adelaide, it's me,  your old pal Mr. Woodford.  missed ya, when I wasn't alive.  Sid, I can't reach it.
Adelaide:::  Sid? Ronnie Anne? That's not Abraham Lincoln, and Mr. Woodford was a poodle.
Sid:::  Right, now I remember.
Adelaide:::  So that means Froggy was a fake too? I hate Day of the Dead! 
Ronnie Anne::: Wait! Adelaide! We can explain!
Carlos::: Strange play,  Good hotdog.
Adelaide::: Leave me alone, liars!
Sid::: We made it worse, what do we do now?
Ronnie Anne::: What we should have done in the first place; go to the expert.
Ronnie Anne::: Abuela, we need to talk to you.
Sid::: We really messed up.
Ronnie Anne::: We gave Adelaide the wrong impression about Día de los Muertos, she thought Froggy was really going to come back.
Sid::: And Aunt Millie, and Abraham Lincoln, and Mr. Woodford.
Rosa::: Mr. Woodford?
Ronnie Anne & Sid::: He's a poodle.
Rosa:::  Aye, muchachas.
Ronnie Anne:::  She locked herself in her room, can you help us?
Adelaide::: Go away Sid!
Rosa::: It's not Sid sweetie, I heard you are a little sad.
Adelaide:::  Froggy never came back.
Rosa::: Oh, but he did.
Adelaide:::  He did?
Rosa:::  Come down and see our altar Mija, and I can explain what Día le los Muertos is really all about.  Adelita, this is mi papá, just like you miss Froggy, I miss,  mi papá, very much.
Sid::: He liked bowling and tamales.
Ronnie Anne::: But he was better at eating Tamales.
Rosa:::  Get your own material.  I honor my papá, by putting out all the things he loved, and I use incense candles and marigolds, to help guide his spirit back.
Adelaide:::  So, where is he?
Rosa::: Well, he's in my heart, you see, on this day, we think about our loved ones, and that keeps their memories alive, so even if we don't see them, they're still with us.
Adelaide:::  I do feel like Froggy is here.
Rosa:::  Señor Froggy? It's a Día de los Muertos miracle.
Pete:::  There you are. Little stinker followed the trail of bacon bits all the way back here. Whew, you guys keep talkin'.  I'm good.
Ronnie Anne:::  Abuela, this isn't Froggy, it's fake Froggy.
Sid::: Pete, how about we make a trade? Tickets to my mom's gator tour in exchange for the frog?
Pete:::  Put me in the splash zone, and we have a deal.
Sid:::  Deal.
Adelaide::: Yay!
Ronnie Anne::: Thanks for saving the day, Abuela. 
Rosa::: You're welcome, I'm glad I could teach you about our family's traditions.
Frida:::  Okay,  Everybody get together for a photo.  Look at the camera Carlitos.
Ronnie Anne::: Wait, where's Carl?
Carl::: Phew, finally, the last of the marigolds.  Our ancestors will have no trouble finding our home.  Now where am I?
