Rosa::: Breakfast time, mis amores.  Here, let me serve you.
Magical TV Voice::: Next up, tu destino.
Rosa::: Nevermind, serve yourselves.  Ernesto Estrella is on.
Ernesto Estrella::: Buenos dias, mis estrellitas.  Today, I am talking about the water sign.
Rosa::: Oh, Maria, that's you.
Ernesto Estrella::: A lifetime of happiness is in sight if…
Rosa, Bobby & Ronnie Anne::: If…
Ernesto Estrella::: You're back with your ex by tonight. Es tu destino!
Rosa::: Maria, you're getting back together with Arturo. I knew it.
Maria::: Ugh, ay, Mama. You know I don't believe in any of that Ernesto stuff.
Carlos::: Yeah, me neither. But it's so weird because the other day he predicted.  I'd find treasure in the bathroom.  Check it out.  It smells like mint.
Hector::: Money in the bathroom!?
Carl::: Pfft, I never believe any of that Ernesto stuff.  Well, except this one time when he predicted…  I'd get pooped on by a bird, at home! 
Flashback Sergio:::  Bombs away!
Carl::: I mean, how did he know?
Ronnie Anne::: Don't you have any other clean clothes?
Maria::: Well, Ernesto's prediction for me can't possibly come true. I won't even be seeing Arturo today. I'm helping Frida with an art project all day, and Arturo is flying off to a medical convention in an hour.
Rosa::: Trust me, mis niños, Ernesto's predictions always come true.
Bobby:::  What if Ernesto is right?
Ronnie Anne:::  Mom and Dad are not getting back together.  Are they?
Bobby::: If they did it would mean a lifetime of happiness for all of us.
Ronnie Anne:::  I guess it's worth a shot. All we have to do is get them together by tonight and let the magic happen.
Rosa:::  You know, your mom and dad had their first date at the pier, so maybe if they met there.
Ronnie Anne:::  Good idea, Abuela.  I'll pick Mom up from the gallery. You stop Dad from getting on that plane.
Ernesto Estrella::: Si, time to let love's arrow fly.  Ay! Mi mano!
Ronnie Anne:::  Mom? Mom, are you here?
Maria::: Ronnie Anne, is that you?
Ronnie Anne::: Mom, what happened to you?
Maria::: Frida. When I agreed to do this life-sized mould for her art installation, I didn't expect to be in plaster for four hours.
Ernesto Estrella:::  We don't have four hours. Destiny waits for no one. Andale muchacha! 
Ronnie Anne::: Maybe it's ready now. Let's check.
Maria::: Pull.
Ronnie Anne::: Here, let me help.
Maria::: Other way.  It's okay, mija. Maybe you could just grab me a snack.
Ronnie Anne:::  A snack? Let's go have lunch. A little plaster won't stop us.
Arturo::: Bobby, what are you doing here? I'm just on my way to the airport.
Bobby::: In a taxi?  No, that's so impersonal. Let your son drive you.
Arturo::: No, mijo. It's okay.  I don't want to be a bother.
Bobby:::  It's no bother. And these taxis charge an arm and a leg to get to the airport.
Arturo::: My company's paying for it.  Ugh, now I'm going to be late. Where did my suitcase go?
Driver::: I don't have time for this.
Arturo::: Okay, you win. You can drive me.
Maria:::  Wow, I can't believe you got us a reservation at Chez Lunch. It's the hottest spot in town.
Ernesto Estrella:::  Ah, yes. A reservation for a lifetime of happiness. Next stop, amor!
Ronnie Anne::: Come on, Mom. This is our train.
Maria::: Are you sure I'll fit?
Ronnie Anne::: I just have to turn you a little.
Arturo:::  Ah, the airport is coming up on the right.
Ernesto Estrella:::  But his date with destiny is to the left!
Bobby::: Did you ever doubt we'd make it? 
Arturo:::  Mijo, the airport is the place with the planes, not the boats.
Bobby:::  Oh, right. I always get those two mixed up.
Arturo:::  I'm not going to make my flight. I'll have to call the airline to reschedule. 
Ernesto Estrella::: Good work.
Bobby:::  Yes!
Ronnie Anne::: We made it, Mom.  Mom?  Mom! I'm coming!
Incidental::: Hey!
Ronnie Anne::: Phew.
Maria:::  And that's the story of how I became a nurse. You're such a good listener, Ronnie Anne.
Arturo::: Uh, yeah, yeah, I need to rebook. Can you tell me when the next available flight is?
Ronnie Anne::: Hello?
Bobby::: We're here. Where are you?
Ronnie Anne::: We're right here.
Maria:::  Oh, good. My stomach was starting to rumble.
Bobby:::  Oh, hey!  Get ready for the magic to happen.
Ronnie Anne:::  Lifetime of happiness, here we come.
Maria:::  Huh?  Uh, what's happening?
Bobby:::  And I thought this is how we could pose for the family photo. So, where's Mom?
Ronnie Anne:::  She's right here.  Mom?
Maria:::  Are we back on the train?
Ronnie Anne:::  Mom!
Bobby:::  Wait. That Mom-shaped statue is Mom?  MOMMY!
T-Bone::: Hey, it's okay. I've got you.
Maria::: T-Bone, is that you?
T-Bone::: Whoa, Maria.  Oh, it's been a minute.
Ronnie Anne:::  Oh, no. We didn't do all this work just so another ex could swoop in and ruin everything.
Bobby:::  Yeah, let that T-Bone find his own lifetime of happiness.
T-Bone::: Hey, would you like to have dinner with me tonight at our place?
Bobby:::  They have a place?
Maria:::  You remember the pizza place? I'll meet you there tonight at seven. I better go freshen up.
Ernesto Estrella::: You better fix this, rapido, or you're gonna be stuck with this guy. 
Ronnie Anne:::  We have to get rid of T-Bone and get Dad to the restaurant.
Bobby::: I'll grab Dad, and meet you there.
Maria:::  T-Bone, you remembered that daisies are my favourite flowers. 
Bobby & Ronnie Anne:::  Ew.
Ernesto Estrella::: Oh, he's pulling out the big guns.
Bobby::: Dad's gonna be here any minute. It's time to get rid of this T-Bone-head.  Let's see how smooth he is with garlic breath.
T-Bone:::  Ah.  I'm so glad we had that crazy run-in today. It's almost like it was destiny.
Maria::: Yeah, truly.  So, what do you want on your pizza?  Hopefully not garlic.
T-Bone::: Ah, anything but pineapple. I have ananaphobia. You know, the fear of pineapples. I mean, they look like they have hair. They're pointy. They really freak me out, man.
Ernesto Estrella::: We found a weakness! Go, go, go!
Waiter::: Here you go, one extra-large pineapple pizza with extra pineapples and a pineapple stuffed crust.
Pineapple Monster::: Hello T-Bone. Remember me?
T-Bone:::  P-P-Pineapples?!  Maria, I will call you for a redo of our date. 
Maria:::  Uh, why can't I ever find a nice, normal guy?
Arturo:::  Maria?
Maria:::  Arturo?
Bobby::: Wait for it, Ronnie Anne. The magic's finally going to happen!  You might need a tissue because I know I will. 
Arturo::: I'm here to meet Ronnie Anne and Bobby. They didn't tell me you were coming.
Maria::: Oh, no. I'm here on a date. Well, at least, I was.
Arturo:::  Been there.
Maria::: Oh, hey, while you're here, let me give you some dates for the kids' after-school activities. I think some of them have changed.
Arturo::: Good idea.
Bobby::: Where's the magic? The fireworks? The love?
Ronnie Anne:::  Maybe we were just fooling ourselves with all that horoscope stuff.
Bobby:::  No! Ernesto said it was gonna happen so it's gonna happen!  Destino!
Maria::: Bobby, what are you doing?
Ronnie Anne::: Mom, Dad, are you okay?
Arturo:::  Mijo, what's gotten into you?
Bobby::: We did all of this work to get you two here, so we can all have a lifetime of happiness. You're not leaving here until you get back together again, just like Ernesto said.
Maria::: So that's what this is about.
Arturo:::  Huh? Can someone tell me what's going on?
Ronnie Anne:::  Ernesto Estrella predicted you guys would get back together tonight. Hearing it out loud now, it does kind of sound silly, huh?
Maria::: I don't think it was silly. I mean, we are together tonight.
Arturo::: Just not romantically.
Bobby::: Yeah, but... it's just one dumb night, not a lifetime.
Maria::: But we'll be a family for a lifetime.
Arturo::: And hey, what if we made it a regular thing? A family pizza night every month.
Ernesto Estrella::: And boom! A lifetime of happiness after all. Ernesto is the besto. Estrella out.
