Lincoln:::  Two tickets, please.
Clyde::: And two programs.
Lincoln::: Whoa, check this out! There's gonna be a panel of Ace's arch-enemies. I hope the Old Maid is there!
Clyde::: And I have some questions for the Flash Card. There's a rumor he's getting his own spin-off!
Lincoln:::  Clyde and I are going to the Ace Savvy Convention tomorrow. It's one of the most sacred Clincoln McCloud traditions.
Clyde::: Hey, there's Lance and Trent.  Hey, guys. Picking up tickets for the convention?
Trent::: Nah, but my little brother is. We're just waiting while he's in line.
Ace Savvy::: Hello, boys. Who wants a picture with their old pal Ace?
Lance::: No thanks, dude. We're a little past our Ace Savvy phase.
Trent::: Yeah, we gave that up when we were seven.
Ace Savvy::: No big deal. Guess it's just not in the cards. 
Lance::: So, what are you guys doing here?
Lincoln::: Uh, us?  Just hangin' at the mall, like guys do.
Clyde::: Yeah, you know, lookin' for chicks, buying aftershave, mature stuff.
Trent:::  Cool, well, see you in school Monday.
Clyde:::  Oh no, Lincoln! Do you think they're right? Are we too old for Ace Savvy?
Lincoln::: Huh. I guess we are the oldest kids here.
Clyde::: And we have outgrown our costumes a little.
Lincoln::: And according to the program, we're too tall for the Bounce House of Cards.  Wow. Maybe we are too old for Ace, and we've just been blind to it.
Clyde::: Maybe. But what are we gonna do? Quit Ace? It's what brought us together in the first place.
Young Lincoln:::  Lynn! Wait up! Mom said you have to stay with me.  Oh jeez, I'm sorry.  Here. use my cape. Ace Savvy is always ready to lend a hand.
Young Clyde::: Thanks,  I'm Clyde, what's your name?
Clyde:::  Dang it.  That story gets me every time.
Lincoln::: I know Ace brought us together, but Clyde, we were five years old. Maybe it's time we move on and find new hobbies. Stuff that's more for kids our age.
Clyde::: Dr. Lopez does say 'I can't move forward if I'm always looking in the rear view mirror'. Let's do it!
Lincoln::: Aces!  Sorry, starting now.
Lincoln::: Okay, I've done some research, and apparently, skateboarding is an appropriate hobby for eleven year olds.  Hey, I'm doin' it!  Give it a try Clyde.
Clyde::: Here I go! 
Lincoln::: According to my research, kids our age really like fishing. And bonus, we can cook and eat what we catch.
Clyde::: I packed us some sandwiches, but okay.  Whoa! I think I got something!
Lincoln::: Reel it in! That's our lunch!
Clyde::: Get it out!
Lincoln::: Well, the important thing is, we caught one.
Clyde:::  Yeah, and we still have our sandwiches for lunch. 
Lincoln::: Okay, Clyde, technically, this next hobby is for 17 year olds, but I thought we could get a head start.  Hey, Lana. Think you could teach us some car repair stuff?
Lana:::  Oh, you're serious. Uh, sure. So, uh, I was just giving this baby a tune-up. As you can see, the timing belt's a little worn away over here, which is a problem because then your water pump's gonna need to be replaced.
Lincoln::: What's this do?
Lana::: Don't touch that!
Lincoln::: Why not?
Lincoln::: All good mechanics probably get burned on their first day.
Clyde::: Oh, for sure. Could you pass me some more frozen tilapia?
Clyde::: Are you sure we need to get rid of our Ace Savvy stuff?
Lincoln::: I know it hurts, buddy, but now that we have new hobbies, we just don't need it anymore.
Clyde:::  Tell that to my One-Eyed Jack action figure. He's giving me his signature death glare. 
Clyde::: Flip's Food and Fuel? I thought we were going to a pawn shop.
Lincoln::: We were, I guess I wrote down the wrong address
Flip::: No ya didn't, chief. You've come to the right place. 
Clyde::: Pat's Pawn & Prawn? Who's Pat?
Flip::: You're lookin' at 'em.  Name's Pat, I'm Pat. This here's Pat.
Flip:::  Ehh, let's see here. I'll give ya ten bucks for the whole she-bang. 
Lincoln::: TEN BUCKS?!
Flip:::  Take it or leave it?! Pat's a busy guy!
Lincoln:::  Fine.  Wait Clyde, we still have our tickets to the convention.
Clyde:::  Guess we should sell those, too.
Flip::: You're in luck! That's my other business!  Welcome to Tucker's Tix & Tux!
Lincoln::: I don't know about you, Clyde, but I'm loving our new hobbies.
Clyde::: Me too, buddy. I am not looking at the rear view mirror anymore.  Well, I am, but, it's just for safety.  Uh, just realized, I forgot my... aftershave this morning, I should go to the bathroom and dab some on. 
Clyde::: Hi there! Mind if I join?
Kid at Sandbox::: Sure. You can be Ace.
Clyde::: Well, usually I'm Jack.
Flash Card (On Tablet):::  Looks like I've got the upper hand, Ace!
Ace Savvy (On Tablet) and Lincoln::: Think again, Flash Card! No one makes Ace Savvy fold! 
Lincoln::: Sorry, I just really love this episode. You mind turning up the brightness?
Clyde::: Sorry it took so long, gone to the bathroom and I realized I haven't shaved, so had to do that first.
Lincoln::: No problem, I, uh, was over at the pond, talking bait with some fisherman.
Clyde::: Just two guys checking out mufflers. What an age appropriate way to spend a Saturday.
Lincoln::: Totally, I don't feel bad at all for missing the convention today.  Ah, here's a beauty, I bet it really... muffles!
Lincoln:::  Ugh, I gotta go use the  bathroom. Bug flew in my throat.
Clyde::: A bug?  Are you okay? What were it's markings?
Lincoln:::  I didn't see it, I just tasted it.  Ugh, be right back. 
Clyde::: Huh, there is a difference between Douglas Fir and Evergreen.
Kid #1::: Cool! Ace!
Ace Savvy:::  So I threw Wild Card Willy in the clink, then shuffled off to the Fortress of Solitaire.
Kid #2::: No Way!
Kid #3::: Wow!
Kid #4::: Sweet!
Clyde:::  Excuse me, Mr. Savvy, big fan here, can I get a quick photo?  Now I just have a few questions.  Starting with episode one...
Lincoln:::  Sorry that took so long, that bug was really stuck in there good.
Clyde:::  That's okay, a bug actually flew into my mouth, too. I went into a different bathroom. Well, guess it's time to buy one of those mufflers.
Kid #5::: I can't wait to see the Old Maid on the villain panel!
Kid #6::: Me too! I hope she brings her evil cat. 
Clyde::: Kids, right?
Lincoln::: So glad we're passed all that dorky stuff.
Clyde::: Let's go grind... or shred... or you know, wh-whatever it's called.
Young Lincoln and Clyde:::  Nope.  No.  Jackpot! We've got two of a kind! 
Young Lincoln::: And then Lynn came out of nowhere and roller-skated right over him!
Young Clyde::: It's okay.  I can fix him, though I'm not sure he'll ever shuffle again.
Young Lincoln::: Dad, One-Eyed Jack and I solved the case of the missing bologna.
Young Clyde:::  We've got the culprit right here.
Lynn Sr.:::  Good work, boys! You've done it again!
Young Lincoln and Clyde:::  ACE AND JACK FOREVER!
Lincoln::: Clyde, I can't do this anymore! So what if we're too old for Ace? I'm just not ready to give him up.
Clyde::: Me neither! I don't care what Dr. Lopez says!  Please don't tell her I said that, I don't wanna hurt her feelings.
Lincoln::: Clearly this makes us happy, so I say we enjoy it as long as we want to.  Let's go get out stuff back! 
Clyde::: And our tickets! We can still make the convention! Let's just hope 'Pat' and 'Tucker' are both working today.
Clyde::: Here's the money you paid us for the tickets. We'd like to buy them back.
Flip::: Hold up, chief, prices changed. You're forgetin' 'bout the handling fee, the storage fee, and the resale fee. 
Flip::: Hey, I'm the nice guy here. Wait'll you try to get your toys back, then you're gonna have to deal with Pat, and he's in a mood.
Lincoln:::  How 'bout we trade you a new muffler for them?
Lincoln::: Clyde, that was so cool when the Flash Card said you asked him a good question.
Clyde::: I know. I don't even mind that he called me 'Clad'.  Look, there's some kids from Lori's class!
Lincoln::: How do you know that?
Clyde:::  No reason. I'm not saying I memorized her yearbook or anything.
Lincoln::: Uh, they must be here with their little brothers and sisters.
Clyde::: Oh, geez. They're walking this way!  Get ready to be teased.
Lincoln::: Stand tall, Clyde.  We can get through this.
Joey::: Hey One-Eyed Jack, that utility belt is rad. What booth did you get that at?
Clyde::: Oh, actually I made it.
Joey::: No way! The detail is amazing!
Clyde::: Thanks. It even fires poker chips. 
Joey::: Sick!
Lincoln::: Wait, you guys are into Ace Savvy?
Becky::: Yeah!-- What do you think we're doing here?
Chaz::: We've been into Ace since we were like seven!
Lincoln::: Really, You never felt like you were too old?
Becky::: No way. We'll never be too old for Ace.
Chaz:::  Look! They're selling One-Eyed Flapjacks! We gotta go snag some! 
Joey:::  You guys wanna join?
Lincoln and Clyde::: Yeah!
Lincoln::: Hey Clyde, can you spot me some money? I spent all of mine on mufflers.
Clyde::: No problem, buddy. One-Eyed Jack is always ready to lend a hand.
