Rusty::: Aw, yeah, it's Turkey Leg Tuesday!
Chef Pat::: Next!
Lincoln::: Wait, Chef Pat, I think-
Chef Pat::: Next!
Liam::: That thing is tinier than a tick on a tack.
Lincoln::: I don't know why I get my hopes up. This has been happening ever since we started middle school.
Rusty::: Wiener Wednesday is where it's at.
Lincoln:::  Um-
Chef Pat::: Next!
Clyde::: Whoa. Sole meuniere! This is the best Fishy Friday ever! 
Lincoln::: A frozen fish stick? 
Lincoln::: Something weird is going on with Chef Pat, and I'm gonna get to the bottom of it.
Chef Pat::: Hmm?
Lincoln::: Uh, Chef Pat, do you have a second?  Did I do something to make you angry? 'Cause the lunches you've been giving me have been pretty inedible. 
Chef Pat::: Nope. I've got no beef with you.
Lincoln:::  Beef! I see what you did there.
Lynn::: Fruit,  carbs,  and ham. All the food groups.
Lincoln::: Hey, Lynn, something's going on with Chef Pat. It feels like she has a grudge against me and I don't know why. I've never done anything to her, and I was hoping that since you know middle school better than me-
Lynn::: Wait, Lincoln, Chef Pat has some weird grudge against me, too! I've been getting bogus lunches ever since I started middle school, while my friends have been chowing down on grade-A grub! That's how I made up the ham shake.
Lincoln::: It can't be a coincidence that Chef Pat has it out for two people in the same family.
Lynn::: Well, I didn't do squat to her! Maybe one of our sibs did.
Lincoln::: We've gotta find out. I can't keep getting bad lunches. You with me?
Lynn:::  Heck yeah I am! I'm getting tired of liquid meat.
Lincoln:::  If we're gonna find out who wronged Chef Pat we'll need to use the three D's of detective work... Diligence, distraction and disguise.  We may not find the answer tonight, or tomorrow, or even this week. But when we do, all of our hard work will be worth it.
Lynn:::  Just talked to everyone, nobody knows why they got bad lunches.  Luan said the food was so bad she couldn't even make pun of it.  Luna gave up after a week and started eating in the band room.  And Leni said the slop she got was 'totes yuck'.
Lincoln::: That only leaves one sibling who could have wronged her.
Lynn::: What did you do to Chef Pat?!
Lori:::  Woah. Hi to you guys, too.
Lincoln::: She's holding a grudge against the Louds, and it's making our lunch period miserable.
Lori::: Chef Pat? I didn't...  Oh, wait. I just remembered. It was the first day of middle school.  I had just gotten a brand new cell phone.
Lincoln::: Uh, this is bad. Real bad.
Lori::: That's not even the worst part. The soup was so thick and cheesy, it wouldn't come out of Chef Pat's hair so... she had to shave her head.
Lynn::: Did you ever apologize?
Lori::: I was mortified. I never showed my face in the cafeteria again. Look, I'll send her a nice text with a sorry face emoji.
Lincoln::: No, the apology has to be in person.
Lori::: Lincoln, I live three hours away.
Lincoln::: Fine, text away, but if it doesn't work, I'll be calling you everyday for the rest of middle school whenever I get a bad lunch.
Lynn::: Yeah, me too.
Lincoln::: Morning, Chef Pat. My sister Lori drove all the way from college to tell you something.
Lori:::  So, there's a chance you don't even remember this. It was literally, like, such a small faux pas, but I was once a tiny bit responsible for spilling soup in your hair and I just want to say I'm so sorry for that. And on the upside, you really pulled off the bald look.  Oh, I almost forgot!  I bought you a peace offering all the way from Fairway U.  Go Birdies.
Chef Pat::: There's coffee stains in this.
Lori::: Um, it's....vintage.
Lincoln::: Looks like your apology has been accepted. 
Lori::: Lincoln, that was literally raw beef.
Rusty::: What are you so happy about? Finally get your first chin hair?
Lincoln::: It's French Fry Friday and lets just say things are looking up for me in the lunch department.  I'll have a plate of your finest French Fries today. Extra French.  Uncooked potatoes? What about the mug? I thought we were cool!
Chef Pat::: Next!
Lincoln::: Let me guess, you too?
Lincoln::: I don't get it. Why is Chef Pat still punishing us?
Flip::: You two crossed Chef Pat, huh? Well, she's a tough cookie, chiefs.
Lynn::: How do you know?
Flip::: Me and Pat go way back to high school. 
Mr. Grouse::: Hey! My lemonade!
Flip:::  See right there?  That's us playin' dodgeball.
Lincoln & Lynn:::  Woah.
Lynn::: That's you?
Flip:::  Yeah, those were pre-nacho cheese days.
Lincoln:::  Lynn, look who else is in this pic.  Is it possible Chef Pat has a beef... with Mom?! 
Rita::: No way, Pat and I were besties, all through high school.  See? This picture was taken on the last day of school.  There's me, Chef Pat and Zach's mom. I remember this like it was just yesterday.
Young Pat::: That's crazy, right?
Young Rita:::  Last lunch swap of high school, girls!
Young Pat::: I have a PB&J with homemade peanut butter and blueberry compote. 
Young Rita::: Wow, Pat, you're such a foodie!
Young Pat::: All that and a bag of chips!
Young Rita::: Exactly!
Young Pat::: No, I meant I have all of that, plus a bag of chips.
Young Flip::: Heads up! 
Young Rita::: You OK, Flip?
Young Flip:::  Whazzat?
Young Rita:::  Oh, while I have you, graduation party this Saturday.  My house. It is gonna be so phat.
Rita::: Come to think of it, I should be the one holding a grudge. Pat never showed at my graduation party. And y'know, it was fun. Pop-Pop even brought a hovercraft over from the base.
Lynn:::  You get a hovercraft, but when I ask for a flamethrower at my birthday, it's 'too dangerous'?! 
Lynn::: Lets cut to the chase! Why are you punishing us? We know we didn't do anything to you and neither did our sisters, or our Mom.
Lincoln::: Yeah, we saw the pictures of you two.  You guys were besties. She even invited you to her graduation party.
Chef Pat:::  No! She! Didn't! I'll never forget the way she totally dissed me. 
Young Rita::: Graduation party, my house!  Here's an invite for you.
Female Student::: Cool!
Young Rita::: And one for you.
Male Student::: Got one!
Young Rita::: And one for you, and two for you.  Heads up!
Young Flip:::  Hey Patty. Uh, wanna save some dough and carpool to Rita's shindig? I heard there was gonna be a hovercraft.  Hey! 
Lincoln:::  That doesn't sound like our Mom.
Lynn::: Uh, yeah, she said she invited you.
Chef Pat:::  Of course she says that now, but do you have any proof?  Then I suggest you two get used to eating slop for the rest of middle school. NEXT!
Lincoln::: OK, let's go over this one more time. Are you sure you invited Chef Pat to your graduation party?
Rita::: Yes! Absolutely, I was in the library handing out invites.  I'll never forget that cookbook Pat was reading - A Chewed Awakening: Pickled Herring & Other Icelandic Cuisines. 
Lincoln::: We have to go tell Chef Pat!
Lincoln::: Chef Pat, our mom did invite you to her graduation party! She put the invitation in your library book!
Chef Pat::: What? My library book? Well, then how come I didn't see it?
Young Pat:::  PHILLIPINI!!
Chef Pat:::  Now it all makes sense! The invite must still be in that book.
Chef Pat:::  Look! There it is.
Lynn::: Ha! Woohoo! Mystery solved.
Chef Pat::: I owe you guys a big fat apology. I feel terrible about all those lunches of yours I ruined.
Lincoln::: Ah, we're good.
Lynn::: It's cool.
Chef Pat::: Thanks you guys.  The sad thing is, I really wish I had the chance to go to your mom's graduation party. That was a once in a lifetime event.
Lincoln::: Thanks for doing this, Mom.
Rita::: Anything for a friend.  I will say, it's nice to have everyone back together.
Chef Pat:::  Woohoo!  That was awesome!  This party is everything I always dreamed it would be.
Rita::: So glad to hear it, and thank you for all the delicious food you brought, Pat. 
Chef Pat::: No problem, I owe your kids some good meals.
Chef Pat:::  PHILLIPINI!!
