Lori::: Okay, you answered A for nine questions, which means... the color of your aura is teal.
Leni::: Oh, it so is, look at my dress.
Lynn Sr.::: Hey yo! Mail call people. Lana, Mud of the Month Club.  Nice grab. Charles, Bone of the Month Club.  Lisa, Bacteria of the Month Club.  Ooh, Lori, something from Fairway University.
Lori:::  Oh, this says the deadline to officially enroll for fall semester is... next week.
Luna::: Why the bummed look dude? Thought you were psyched to go to Fairway?
Lori::: I am, I think, it's just, it's such a big decision and I'm not totally sure it's the right school for me.
Rita::: I know what might help you decide. Why don't we visit the campus?
Lynn Sr.::: Great idea hon, we could make a day of it.
Lana::: Yeah, let's do it!
Lola::: Why not?
Lincoln::: Ooh, Ronnie Anne said her Tío Carlos has been guest lecturing there. Maybe she can meet up with us. 
Lola::: I'm sure you'll decide to go to Fairway, Lori. Moving away from this Podunk town is my dream.
Leni::: Hey, do you have a sec? I usually go to Lori for advice but this is about her, so...  I'm really worried about Lori going to Fairway. How am I supposed to survive without her?  You're such a chatterbox with Luan, but the one time I need you you're silent?  Fine! I'll talk to someone else.  I mean, Lori and I do like, everything together, we've been BFFs since before I was even born.  If there's no Lori, who am I going to take magazine quizzes with? Or gossip with? What should I do?  You think I should fight Lori?  Ew, gross.  Oh, I get it. I just need to show Lori, that Fairway is actually terrible; and this campus tour is the perfect chance to do it. Lily, you're a genius.
Sergio:::  Reunited and it feels so good.
Lincoln::: Hey guys. I didn't know Sergio was coming.
Carlos::: Neither did we.
Sergio::: I'm a stowaway.
Ronnie Anne:::  Bobby's sorry he couldn't make it. He's kind of stuck at the mercado. 
Lori::: Aww, Boo-Boo Bear.
Carlos::: Uh, great seeing you, Louds. I have to get to my guest lecture on the maturation of Bermuda grass, and its utility in creating an eco-friendly golf course. I'm in Hall B if anyone wants to see it.
Lynn Sr.::: Oh, oh, who wants to check out the campus store?
Lincoln:::  Have fun! Ronnie Anne and I are going to go make skate videos.
Raj::: Hi, welcome to Fairway University. I'm your tour guide Raj. We'll be puttering around the campus together.  Now, which one of you's the famous Lori Loud?  I heard a lot about you. Coach Niblick says you're the most promising golfer he's seen in a long time.  Now, are you ready for the tour?
Lori::: Okay.
Rita::: Let's check it out.
Raj::: ...and this to out left is Wedge Hall.
Leni::: OMGosh. Lori, they make you wear a uniform here, and it's so ugly.
Lori::: Um, Leni, I'm literally wearing the exact same outfit.
Leni:::  Yeah.
Raj::: Oh, that's not a uniform. It's just what the students like to wear.
Lori::: Wow. I already fit in so well.
Raj::: Fairway is a golfers dream. We've got an eighteen-hole course, par seventy-two, and three putting greens.
Leni:::  Ew!  Lori, the swimming pool here is so gross.
Lori:::  Leni, that's not a pool. That's a water hazard.
Sergio:::  Love to party.
Raj::: We do have a bird problem, but we like to think they help us get birdies, on the holes.
Lori:::  That is literally the funniest thing I ever heard.
Ronnie Anne:::  Woah, perfect. Start filming.  Whoohoo! Did you get it?
Lincoln:::  Got it!
Raj::: This is our freshman hall.  You'll be sharing this bathroom with nine other women on the floor.
Leni:::  Lori, that would be so hard. Sharing one bathroom, with nine other people?! Who could even?
Lori::: Uh, Leni. You do realize our family of thirteen shares one bathroom, right?  Three sinks?! Woah. This bathroom is a serious upgrade for me.
Lincoln::: Whoo! Got it.
Lynn Sr.::: Eh?  Ah, come on Lola. You can't hate all of these.
Lola::: Maybe your head just isn't the right shape for hats.  How about a Fairway pencil?
Lynn Sr.::: Eh?
Lola::: Fine.
Lynn Sr.:::  Yes.
Raj::: And here we've got a great selection of T's,  tees,  and teas. 
Lori::: So funny.
Leni::: This day hasn't gone at all like I thought it would.  Lori wants to go to Fairway more than ever.  But what if Fairway didn't want Lori to go to it?
Leni::: Hi, can I, Lori Loud, have a glass for a free cup of water?
Cashier::: Sure.
Leni::: Look at me, stealing lemonade. Lori Loud is such a rule breaker.
Cashier::: Oh, actually, all the fountain drinks in the cafeteria are free.
Leni:::  Whoa, looks like Lori Loud is stealing these banana nut muffins.
Cashier::: Hey!
Leni::: Oh-no. Am I in trouble? You should probably call the campus police.
Cashier:::  No. I just wanted to tell you that it's pastry palooza week. The muffins are free. Do you want a to-go box? 
Leni:::  Forget it. I lost my appetite.  What do I have to do to mess up Lori's reputation?  Coach Nibbles, the guy who gave Lori her scholarship. He could keep Lori from coming here next year.
Coach Niblick::: Is that Lori Loud?
Leni::: Why yes! It is her! I mean she,  uh, I mean, I'm Lori Loud.
Coach Niblick:::  Why don't you take the first swing?
Leni::: With pleasure.  Whoo! I mean, oh-no.
Coach Niblick::: You just got a hole in one, Lori!  That is the most incredible hole in one I've ever seen. You will be a credit to our fine institution.
Leni::: Okay. I can't risk getting another hole in one.
Coach Niblick::: Keep your eye on the ball.
Leni::: Whoops.
Coach Niblick:::  Your hands must be sweaty from the excitement of those hole in ones.  Uh, Lori, are you feeling well?
Leni::: I think I suddenly have... amnesia! I don't remember how to golf.
Coach Niblick::: Uh, are you sure? Here take this,  perhaps it'll jog your memory.  No! No! that's not food.
Leni::: Actually,  I don't recognize any of this stuff. Wow, if I can't do golf, maybe I shouldn't come to golf school.
Coach Niblick::: Are you certain?  Well then I'll have to make the call to offer your scholarship to another student.  I was really rooting for you, Lori.
Ronnie Anne::: Wow Lincoln, this footage is amazing.  Sorry if you got a little banged up.
Lincoln:::  It was worth it!
Lori::: Oh, Leni!  Look what I found in the book store.  I was thinking, we can set up a time to chat on the phone every night; so we can still do our magazine quizzes together.
Leni::: Won't you be too busy for that?
Lori:::  No of course not. And I talked Mom into getting us an unlimited texting plan, so we can still have nonstop gossip sessions.
Leni:::  Oh, cool.
Lori:::  Leni, is everything okay?
Leni:::  I messed up, I pretended to be you and I lost your golf scholarship.
Lori::: What?!
Sergio:::  Drama!
Lori:::  Why would you do that? You know how important that scholarship is to me.
Leni::: I do. But I was worried that if you went to Fairway, we wouldn't be BFFs anymore.
Lori::: Leni, I need you just as much as you need me. We'll always be close. I promise.
Leni:::  I totally blew it. Fairway is the perfect place for you.  Don't worry, I'm getting your scholarship back.  Dad, I need to run back to campus.
Lynn Sr.::: Ho ho, no can do kiddo. We were supposed to be on the road ten minutes ago.
Leni::: But, I need to uh...
Lori:::  Go buy you a 'Fairway, you Dad' hat. I totally forgot to get you one.
Lynn Sr.:::  Oh, goody, hurry,  just don't tell Lola.
Leni::: Do you know where Coach Nibbles is?
Student::: Uh, Niblick? He just went to his office to make a phone call. He said it was... urgent.
Lori::: We have to stop him!
Leni:::  Don't worry, I got this.
Lori::: Ah! Wrong way!
Leni::: Wait!
Coach Niblick:::  What is the meaning of this!?
Leni::: Coach Nibbles, I have something to confess. The person who you saw playing golf earlier wasn't Lori.
Coach Niblick::: What?
Leni::: It was me, her sister Leni. I was worried about Lori going away next year. So, I dressed up like her and pretended to be awful so Fairway wouldn't want her.  But, now I know that just because we'll be far apart in distance doesn't mean we won't be close.  I'm sorry for what I did. Can my sister still have her scholarship?
Coach Niblick:::  So, Lori. Do you still know how to use this?
Lori:::  Fore sure.
Coach Niblick::: Well done.
Leni::: Go Lori!
Coach Niblick::: We'll see you next fall, Loud.  Now, young lady. I don't blame you. When my sister was off to university I popped the tires on her car in the hopes it might stop her from leaving. But those years apart only made us closer. Hold on, I should give her a call.
Leni:::  Let me just...
Sergio:::  Party bus!
