Zach::: That looks delicious.
Clyde::: I also baked pain au chocolat, pain suisse, and croissants.
Lincoln::: So, what's the occasion, Clyde?
Zach::: Yeah, are you buttering us up for something? 
Clyde::: OK, here goes. The reason I created this Célébration de Friendship Brunch is because I've got...
Howard::: Clyde, can you get that? And please be careful. That phone is older than our 1930's Dust Bowl glasses.
Clyde:::  Hello?
Nana Gayle::: Clyde, it's Nana Gayle. Ooh, I've got big news. My best friend, Fleur DuPont, just came to town for a surprise visit. She happens to be the dean of one of the finest cooking academies in the world.
Clyde::: I know that academy! It's nearly impossible to get in. They wouldn't even let the Queen of England in. Granted, I've heard her sponge cake is bad-
Gayle::: Clyde, get your buns over here! And bring your baked goods, too! If Fleur tries them, oh, she's sure to let you in.
Zach::: So, what happened?
Clyde::: She loved everything I made! In fact, Dean DuPont said I just have to pass one last exam tonight. I have to cook her an entire dinner. If I nail it, I'll be into the academy!
Stella::: Yeah!
Lincoln::: Yeah!
Rusty::: Yeah, alright!  Clyde, what's wrong?
Clyde:::  There's only one drawback: The school's in... Paris.
Lincoln:::  NOOOOOOOOO! 
Liam::: Aw, it's happening again. Clyde's leaving us, just like .
Clyde::: Let's not lose our heads here. I'm not a thousand percent sure I'm going yet. They might not even pick me.
Rusty::: Your food is divine.  Of course you'll get in.
Clyde::: I'll miss you guys like crazy, but this is an incredible opportunity.  Where else can I learn to cook sole meuniére, concombre a la menthe, escargot...
Lincoln::: Wait, Clyde. What if you could learn to cook all those things here in Royal Woods? I know someone who can teach you. Then we wouldn't lose you.
Rusty::: Ooh, give it a try, Clyde. Please?
Stella::: Yeah, we're your crew, table 10 at lunch, the Action News Team! We have to stick together.
Clyde::: But who are you thinking could teach me?
Lincoln::: I know just the guy.
Lynn Sr.:::  Bonjour, Clyde. Ready to cook French food?  I'm so excited, I can't wait.
Clyde::: Wow, thanks, Mr. Loud. I had no idea you studied French cuisine.
Lynn Sr.::: Well, I follow a French cooking vlog, which is basically the same thing. Every time my boy Charcuterie Sheldon goes live, I feel alive!  We're going to make escargot, just like you were gonna learn in Paris.
