Golf Announcer::: Lori Loud, putting on the eighteenth hole. If she sinks this, Royal Woods will beat Hazeltucky for the fourth year in a row.
Lori:::  Yes.
Coach Hutch:::  Nice game, Loud, I don't know what I'm gonna do next year after you graduate, you have been the heart and soul of this team for four years.
Lori::: Thanks, Coach Hutch.
Coach Hutch::: Speaking of next year, you still got your eyes on Fairway University?
Lori::: Yes, it's literally my dream. I'm just not sure if I have the grades to get in.
Coach Hutch::: Well, I think you have the golf skills to get in.  As a matter of fact, I've invited Coach Niblick from Fairway to come watch your next game.  I'll take that as a thumbs-up.
Buttery Voiced Narrator::: Fairway University boasts a tradition of academic excellence,  and a golf program as old as our great nation.  At Fairway, we live and breathe golf, twenty-four seven.
Professor::: And the cubed root of sixty-four is?
Student:::  Four!
Lori:::  Doesn't it look amazing? You know what the best part is? It's only a few miles outside the city so I'll be close to Bobby.
Lynn Sr.::: Well, this calls for a celebration!  I'll make a cake, no, wait, Par-faits.  Get it?
Lori::: Good one, Dad, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. The coach is coming to watch my next game. If he offers me a spot, then we can celebrate.  Can you imagine? My life is literally going to be perfect!  First, I'll graduate from Fairway.  Then, Bobby and I will get married.  And he'll take care of our kids.  All eleven of them.  While I travel the world,  on the professional golf tour.
Lincoln:::  Lori? Lori?
Lori::: Huh? What?
Lincoln::: Lori, I was just thinking, how about I be your caddie for the big tournament.
Lori::: Aww, that's so nice of you, Lincoln. What's the catch?
Lincoln::: No catch, I wanna learn to caddie. Rusty did it last summer and made a ton of money in tips. So, what do you say?
Lori::: Sure, why not? Just be careful with the clubs, they used to be Pop-Pop's.
Lincoln:::  Oops.
Coach Hutch::: Okay! Let's get this practice underway. Lori, you're up.
Lori::: Lincoln, my driver please.
Lincoln:::  I thought I was your caddie.
Lori::: No, I mean the club called the driver.
Lincoln::: Ah. 
Lori::: That's a putter.
Lincoln:::  You didn't tell me it was hiding.
Coach Hutch:::  Take a Mulligan, try again, we'll call that a warm up shot.
Lori::: What is up with my game today?
Coach Hutch::: Ah, don't worry about it, champ. Just keep a cool head.
Lori:::  Ugh, nice going, Lori.
Lola::: Uh, everything okay, Lori?
Lori::: No, it's literally terrible!  My whole future is riding on this huge tournament tomorrow and my game is falling apart!  There's too much pressure!
Luna, Lynn Jr. and Lola::: I can help!
Lori:::  Really?
Lynn::: Yeah. I'm used to dealing with pressure in sports.
Lola::: Same with me and pageants.
Luna::: And me with gigs.
Lori::: Wow. That would be awesome, you guys.
Lynn::: Sweet! Let's hit the golf course right now!
Lori::: We can't. It's closed.
Lincoln:::  I've got an idea!
Lola::: Lincoln, you're shouting.
Lincoln:::  Ah, that's better.
Lori::: See? I can't even hold the club.  My hands are too sweaty!
Lynn::: I know that life. I remember the end of my last hoops tournament.  It was a tie game with one second to go, and it was all up to me.  The sweat was flowing like Niagara.  Fortunately, I had my secret weapon.  Talcum powder. Keeps your palms cool and dry.  I made the shot. We won the championship. I was a hero. 
Lori:::  Wow, that really helped. Thanks, Lynn.  Too bad it doesn't do anything for my shakes.
Luna::: I got this one. Used to be whenever I took the stage.  There was a whole lot of shaking going on, but I got it under control with a mantra.
Flashback Luna:::  Don't fret, just play your set.  Whoo!
Lori::: How about, Don't overthink it, relax and sink it.  Don't overthink it, relax and sink it.  It's working. No more shakes!  Now I just need to stop my heart from beating like crazy.
Lola::: I can relate.  There I was, about to perform at the Little Miss Cheese Curd Pageant.  My heart was going a mile a minute. But I was able to calm myself down by using 4-7-8 breathing. Breathe in for four seconds, hold it in for seven, then breathe out for eight.
Lori:::  Wow, that does help. You guys are the best.
Lynn::: Now, let's see you put it all together.
Lori:::  Don't overthink it, relax and sink it.
Lincoln:::  I'll get the ball.  Whaaa- HELP!
Coach Hutch::: This is Coach Niblick from Fairway University.
Lori::: Uh... 
Coach Hutch:::  I think that means she's excited to meet you.
Coach Niblick::: Right back at you, Lori. Say, here's a little something from Fairway.  Look forward to seeing you play today. This could be the start of a bright future.
Bert::: Babe, are you still wearing that old visor? I thought it brought back bad memories.
Adult Lori:::  Who are you?
Bert:::  Very funny, babe. We've only been married twenty-eight years. I'll never forget the day we met, right after you blew that golf tournament, didn't get into Fairway, and broke up with that guy. What was his name? Bee-bop Bear?
Lincoln::: Uh, Lori? You okay?
Lori::: Oh, yeah. I'm fine.
Lincoln::: Ooh, I got that. 
Lori::: Stay focused. You can do this.  Talcum powder.  More! MORE!  Don't overthink it, relax and sink it. Don't overthink it, relax and sink it!  Don't overthink it, relax and sink it!  It's not doing anything!
Lincoln::: Breathe.
Lori::: Right. Right. 2-3-4 breathing.  Ugh, it's not working. Wait, was it 7-8-9?  Oh. 
Coach Hutch:::  Eh, she'll be okay. Just a few jitters.  You can do this, Lori!
Lynn::: Send it for a ride, Lori!
Luna & Lola::: Come on, Lori!
Lincoln::: Aww, come on, Lori. It's not all bad. At least, uh, we're getting a nice walk in.
Rita::: Sweetie, what's going on?
Lori::: If I blow this match, my whole future is shot. So of course, now I'm blowing it.
Lynn Sr.::: Whoa, whoa, whoa, don't be so hard on yourself, honey. Look, life doesn't work like that. You get plenty of chances.
Rita::: Yeah, and if your don't get into Fairway, something else will work out. You're a terrific person, and you're gonna have a terrific life.
Lori:::  Do you really think so?
Lori:::  Thanks, you guys.  Lincoln, my 9 iron please. I've got a tournament to finish.
Lincoln::: You know what, I think a pitching wedge might be better for this hole.
Lori::: Hey, you're getting good at this.
Lori:::  Yes.
Lori:::  Yes!
Rita::: That was an amazing comeback. 
Lori::: Thanks, Mom. Too bad Coach Niblick didn't see it. But you guys were right. I'll be okay, even if I don't go to Fairway.
Coach Niblick::: Who says you're not going to Fairway?
Lori::: Coach Niblick. I thought you left because I was such a disaster.
Coach Niblick::: Well, I was going to leave, but, you broke my windshield.  But I'm glad I stayed. Lori, you're a great golfer who doesn't give up, just like George Washington! I am officially offering you a spot on Fairway's golf team.
Coach Hutch::: That means she'll take it.
Coach Niblick::: And Mr. and Mrs. Loud, I'm officially offering you... the bill for my windshield.
Coach Hutch::: Hey, that's where she gets it from.
