Leni::: Okay, 'A file about zoning laws'. Another one that goes under 'A'!  Phew.
Mayor Davis::: Great work, Leni! How are you liking the internship so far?
Leni::: OMGosh, Mayor Davis, it's the best! I learned how to fix a copier.
Assistant::: Dang it, the copier needs toner!
Leni::: Ooh, I just got a great new toner.  And I got a lipstick you'll love. 
Mayor Davis::: Leni, you are a hoot. When my campaign manager arrives, send him in. It's time to talk re-election! We've got a race to win!
Leni::: If you're going to run a race, my sister Lynn says you should always do some warmups. 
Mayor Davis:::  Leni, I don't think-
Leni::: Come on, Mayor! Get that blood pumping!  Three, four, five...
Vic::: Alright, first things first. If anyone runs against you, we dig up some grade-A dirt on them. It worked like a charm the last election.  Then, we stage a ton of photo ops with you playing your keyboard. Voters say sound effects are quote-'fun and relatable'. Also, kissing babies is so last election. People are really into their pets now.  I figured you could get in some smooch practice on my stepdaughter's Gila monster.
Leni::: Mayor Davis, sorry to interrupt.  I'd love to help your campaign. I've got lots of great ideas, like adding flavors to the drinking fountains. People would hydrate if they could choose kiwi or pomelo water. Or a new vest for crossing guards. I'm working on a concept. 
Vic:::  Huh. Those ideas are terrible.
Mayor Davis::: Now, now, Vic. Leni, I like your enthusiasm, but running for mayor takes more than quirky ideas.
Vic::: Pucker up, Mayor Davis.
Lynn Sr.::: Not bad, if I do say so myself!
Luan::: Good, Dad!
Leni:::  My ideas are not terrible!
Rita::: Sweetie, what are you talking about?
Leni:::  I pitched ideas for the mayor's re-election campaign, and her meanie campaign manager hated them. I have good ideas, you know, like new comfy cushions for all those old lumpy school bus seats!
Lincoln::: Now that you mention it, my butt has been numb since kindergarten.
Leni:::  Or keeping stores open past nine! Has anyone heard of night people?!
Lucy::: Preach.
Leni:::  Or longer green lights so you can get to the movies in time for the previews!
Rita:::  Wow, sweetie, those are great ideas!
Lana::: If you were running for mayor, I'd vote for ya. If I could vote.
Lincoln::: Me, too!
Lola::: Me, three!
Leni::: Ooh, love that idea!
Lola::: Lower, Lincoln.  No, higher!  Lower!  Okay, now it's too low.  Leni Loud isn't full of hot air! Seriously? As campaign manager, I absolutely did not approve whoopee cushions.
Luan::: Leni never said you were her campaign manager.
Lola::: She didn't say it, Luan, but I'm the obvious choice! Leni and I have the same sophisticated vision.
Leni:::  Ooh, farts!  So fun.  Okay, guys, I'll catch you after the rally. Wish me luck! 
Vic::: Why pay when samples are free? That's old Vic's motto.
Leni::: I'm Leni Loud, and I would like to be your new mayor!
Mayor Davis:::  Leni's running for mayor?!
Vic:::  Well, here's to an easy victory for you.
Leni::: If you vote for me, I'll have a no-tax shopping day here at the mall! You have a right to buy a poncho and have money left for a calzone!
Mayor Davis:::  Wait. Are people actually listening to her?!
Vic:::  Relax. The Vicster's got this.  Huh?
Leni:::  Voters, have you noticed there's no cell service at Tall Timbers Park? When I snap a cute nature selfie,  I wanna post it now! Mother Nature deserves five bars!
Residents::: Genius! What a relief!
Vic:::  Is this what you want? An inexperienced baby for mayor? Vote for Davis, a grown adult! 
Rita:::  Oh, no, he did not!  Hold on, sweetie!
Vic::: Wha-?
Rita::: Oh, you wanna play? Let's play!
Lola:::  You messed with the wrong FAMILY, BUDDY!
Rita::: Oops.
Lola:::  Leni, as your campaign manager, I am telling you, WE HAVE TO HIT BACK!
Leni::: Lola, that's not my campaign. Mayor Davis may play icky, but I don't.  Let's go. We've got a big debate tomorrow.  I've got to deal with this mascara situation, and my stance on economic stimulus.
Leni::: “…and as mayor, I'd make opening more nail salons my number one priority.”
Mayor Davis::: Hah. I'd wish there was a manicure for all my opponent's wacky ideas.
Lucy::: She's dying up there. In a bad way.
Mayor Davis:::  Voters, family values matter to all of us, so the kind of family a mayor comes from is important. Frankly, the Louds are out of control.  , , and .  Are those the family values we want? I certainly don't. Vote Davis! 
Leni:::  Nobody talks about my family like that. We are so hitting back.
Lola::: OK, team. We need something super juicy on Mayor Davis. Now let's get digging.
Lana:::  On it. Wait, where's the dirt?
Lynn::: It's just an expression, Lans.
Lana::: Aw, man.
Leni::: Shh. You have to be quiet or we're gonna get-  Lynn, turn that off!
Leni::: It's time Royal Woods knew the truth. Mayor Davis bought her keyboard at Toots 'n' Tunes, which is in... Hazeltucky!  Do you want a mayor who doesn't bother to shop in her own town? Ick, I certainly don't! I'm Leni Loud, and I shop local a lot!
Vic::: Don't worry, Mayor Davis. Old Vicko's gonna take care of this.
Leni::: Society must modernize, and that's why I support a new touchscreen pudding machine.
Scoots::: Yadda-yadda. Enough of the sweet talk. When're you gonna fling some more mud at Davis? Mama needs drama!
Leni::: Sorry, no more playing dirty from Leni Loud's campaign. Swearsies!
Lola::: Leni, look what Mayor Davis is mailing out to people!  Huh. That is a tragic amount of denim.
Leni:::  Okay, now it's personal!
Lincoln:::  Everybody loves cat videos, right?
Mayor Davis::: I certainly don't. I'd wish they were banned and never came back.
Lincoln:::  Do you want a cat hater in the mayor's office? Well, I certainly don't! Vote Leni Loud. This ad was paid for by the First Bank of Lola.
Leni::: Wow, Lincoln. That ad was really harsh and totally untrue.  Love it!
Vic:::  ?
Mayor Davis::: Leni Loud supports mandated makeovers!
Leni::: Did you know that Mayor Davis wears open-toed shoes in the winter?
Mayor Davis::: She's not a natural blonde.
Leni::: She hates Flippees. OMGosh!
Crowd:::  OMGosh! OMGosh!
Lisa::: Leni, you're in a deadlock with Mayor Davis. Statistically speaking, you could win this race.
Lola:::  Now listen up, this is your last speech before the election. I need you to go out there and THROW THAT FINAL PUNCH!  TAKE MAYOR DAVIS DOWN, GOT IT?!
Crowd:::  OMGosh! OMGosh!
Leni::: 'OMGosh' is right! Like, can we talk for a sec about how Mayor Davis is-
Crowd member 1::: Really bad at mayoring?!
Leni::: Uh, no. I was gonna say-
Crowd member 2::: A loud sneezer we should shun forever?!
Crowd:::  Shun her forever! Shun her forever!
Lola::: How great is this going, huh? Girl, you've got it in the bag now!
Leni:::  This doesn't feel right. It feels icky!
Lola::: Icky is good! Icky wins the race!
Crowd:::  She's the worst! She's the worst!
Leni::: No, stop! Mayor Davis is not the worst!
Crowd member 2::: What?
Leni::: She may have run a nasty campaign, but Mayor Davis is a really nice person, and she's done a lot of awesome things for Royal Woods, like cleaning up Tall Timbers Park and founding the annual cherry pit spit. You all love spitting pits, remember?  If anyone's the worst, it's me. I said a bunch of mean and untrue stuff, and I'm sorry. It's not who I am. From now on, my campaign is just about fun new ideas, whether I win or lose. Swearsies!
Scoots::: Boo! You're weak, Loud! 
Announcer::: And a big congratulations to Theresa Davis, who has won a very close race to be re-elected Mayor of Royal Woods.
Lynn Sr.::: Hey, hon. Your mom and I just came to say we're so ding-dang proud of you.
Leni::: But I lost the election.
Rita::: Sure, but you realized staying true to yourself was more important than winning.
Leni::: In that case, I'm proud of me, too.
Leni::: OK, mayor, here are the scissors for the ribbon-cutting. I painted them pink to coordinate with your outfit.
Mayor Davis::: Leni, you're the best intern and a formidable opponent. The way you ran your campaign, it inspired me. I fired Vic. No more dirty tricks for this gal.
Leni::: Swearsies?
Mayor Davis::: Swearsies.  Folks, I'm proud to announce Royal Woods Mall's very first no-tax shopping day, but I can't take credit for this fun new idea. Leni, would you do the honors?
Vic:::  I should have just run for mayor myself. You'd vote for old tricky Vic, wouldn't you, buddy?
