Leni::: Hmm.  These totes bring out your nose.  Here, don't want you getting cold.
Miguel:::  Hey, Leni.
Leni:::  Who told you my name? Oh, I'm wearing a name tag.
Miguel::: Shift's over, let's go get pretzels.
Leni::: Oh, it's you guys.
Fiona::: Nice window dressing, you made the 'kins look like friends.
Leni::: Thanks, I modeled them after us.
Leni:::  That's him, right? Burger guy?
Fiona::: Yeah, I'm so nervous about tonight, I haven't been on a date since things fizzled with smoothie guy.
Leni::: We'll come over after work, and help you get ready. Right, Miguel?
Miguel::: Oh I am yours, girl.
Jackie:::  Hey, Leni.
Leni::: What a fun surprise, these are my two best friends at school; Jackie and Mandee, and these are my two best friends at work; Miguel and Fiona.
Other Girls:::  Hey.
Miguel:::  Oh, hi.
Mandee:::  Leni, we bought so many cute shoes.
Jackie::: With money to spare for the pop-up sale this weekend.
Leni::: Yes! Pop-up sale! 
Miguel:::  Sounds like you guys have a lot to talk about. I should mosey.
Fiona:::  Yeah, me too.  But we'll see you tonight, Leni?
Leni:::  See you at seven!
Jackie::: Wait, you're hanging out with those guys tonight?
Leni::: Well, yeah. Is that bad?
Mandee::: It's fine. I mean, I can't remember the last time we spent a Friday night together, but it's fine.
Leni::: No... No, it's not fine. If I'm not making enough time for you guys, I need to fix that. I'll come over after I'm done at Fiona's house, okay?
Mandee::: Sounds good. 
Jackie::: See you laters.
Fiona::: I hate first dates. What--what if we have nothing to talk about?
Leni::: Don't worry, you can use this list of twenty-five first date questions I found.  Oh, what time are you leaving for your date, Fiona? I should let Jackie and Mandee know when to expect me.
Miguel:::  Wait, you double booked us?
Leni::: No, I just made two separate plans for the same night.
Fiona:::  I mean, that's legit what a double book is, but it's fine.
Miguel:::  Yeah, go be with your school friends. We have this covered.
Leni:::  But I'll see you guys at the pop-up sale this weekend?
Fiona:::  I mean, sure.
Miguel:::  Yeah, I guess.
Leni::: Hey guys! I'm so glad we can hang out. Tell me what's new with you.
Jackie::: Oh my gosh, so much. I'm not sure I want to be a veterinarian anymore.
Mandee::: I'm thinking about getting bangs.
Leni::: Wow, that is big. Speaking of bangs, I should go check mine, make sure they're not too flat. BRB.  Sorry, really got to get in there.  Fiona, what's the matter?
Fiona::: Sorry to bother you guys, but I need help. We already got through those twenty-five questions. His answer to every one was  'I guess'.
Leni::: There have to be other things you can talk about.  I know, tell him about that time you went to Canada. Guys love adventure!
Mandee::: Are you okay? I thought I heard you talking to someone.
Leni::: Oh yeah, I was just talking to, myself. It helps me pee.  Uh, but it didn't work. I should go again, this time I'll try singing.  Row, row, row, your boat, gently down the stream. 
Fiona:::  Leni, guess who's seated at the table next to mine: Smoothie guy! And he looks so cute and sensitive.
Leni::: Move to another table, immediately.
Miguel::: Focus on burger guy. It didn't work with smoothie guy, remember? Don't get sucked back into that blender.
Fiona::: Thanks guys.
Leni:::  Life is but a dream. 
Leni::: You know what we need? Snacks. Don't get up, your nails are wet.  Smoothie guy sent you some chili fries, and now Burger guy is going over there to confront him?  Whoops, this isn't the kitchen.  What?! Now Burger guy and Smoothie guy are hanging out without you?
Jackie:::  Leni, are you in here again? My brother really needs to pee.
Leni::: Sorry, I'll be right out, just washing my hands.  I'm really sorry, guys. I have to go.
Fiona:::  Oh, I guess your other friends are more important than my life.
Leni:::  Fiona, it's not like that.
Mandee:::  O, M, gosh! Are you talking to your work friends right now?!
Jackie::: Leni, are you okay?
Leni:::  I'm so sorry, I-I'll clean it up.
Jackie::: Don't bother. Mandee will help me. We won't take up any more of your time.
Fiona:::  Yeah, neither will we.
Lori:::  Leni, your sighing is literally ruining my texting. What's wrong?
Leni:::  I don't know what to do. I feel torn between two groups of friends. How do I make them both happy?
Lori:::  Lincoln, what do you want?
Lincoln:::  I think I know how to help Leni. When I started hanging out with Rusty and Zach, Clyde and Liam felt left out. So I invited everyone to hang out together and now we're all BFFs.
Leni::: So, you're saying my friends should hang out with your friends?
Lincoln:::  No, bring your friends together.
Lori:::  Huh, that is surprisingly mature advice for an eleven-year-old.
Lincoln::: Thank you. Now if you'll excuse me,  I have to go write my name on my new Ace Savvy underwear. 
Lori:::  I literally take that back.
Leni::: We're gonna have so much fun tonight. I planned a bunch of stuff for us to do.
Jackie:::  Yogurt covered pretzels?  And Sixteen and a half magazine, my favorites.
Mandee:::  Ooh, sparkling water.  Eww, who drinks pomelo flavor?
Leni::: Oh, good, the other guests are here.  ...and, I got your favorite drink.
Miguel:::  Oh, I didn't realize this was a party party.
Leni::: It's just the five of us.  I can't wait for you guys to get to know each other. 
Leni::: I thought we could play a 'getting to know you' game. On each card, is a fun fact about someone in this room. Your job is to guess who. Miguel, you can go first.
Miguel:::  I like pumpkin spice lattes. I'm gonna guess Mandee.
Mandee:::  You're right, how'd you know?
Miguel:::  If your name's Mandee, liking pumpkin spice lattes is pretty much your entire brand.
Leni::: Wow, you guys know each other so well already. Jackie, your turn.
Jackie::: I have a winning smile.  Well, that must be about Mandee.
Leni::: Actually, it was about Miguel.
Jackie::: Hmm, I don't see it.
Miguel:::  I'm done with this game.
Mandee::: Huh, which card says, I'm a quitter? 
Leni:::  Uh, why don't we try something else?  Okay, I'll go first.  Right foot, apple. Mandee, why don't you go next? 
Mandee::: Leni knows I'm good at this game.  Oop, left foot, pineapple.
Miguel::: I'm pretty good at it, too. I'm a part-time yoga instructor, so.  Right foot, grape. Leni, I didn't tell you. Yesterday, I had to deal with a total penny.
Leni::: Oh no, that's awful.  A penny's what we call someone who tries using an expired coupon.
Fiona:::  You kind of have to work with us to get it. 
Jackie::: Leni, did you see Rashida's prom-posal to Brandon?  It was so, addy-addy bing bang.
Leni:::  That's our friend word for 'adorable'.
Mandee:::  You kind of have to go to school with us to get it.
Fiona::: Leni, I meant to thank you for helping me get through that awful twelve-hour sale, I was thinking about how working together is pretty much, the deepest bond there is.
Mandee::: Really? 'cause I was thinking that true friendship isn't something you can find on a rack.
Miguel:::  My pomelo.
Fiona::: My bag!
Mandee::: It was an accident. I'm sorry I'm not a part-time yoga instructor.
Jackie:::  Leni, this was a terrible idea. Why did you want us to hang out with them?
Miguel::: Well, believe me, we didn't wanna hang out with you.
Mandee:::  We're leaving.
Fiona::: Don't bother, we're leaving.
Leni:::  Guys, wait. We didn't get to eat the 'new best friends' cake I baked.
Mandee::: Sorry, Leni. And by the way, Miguel, everyone likes pumpkin spice.  Except maybe, stuck up part-time yoga instructors.
Lincoln::: Wow, poor Leni. She's literally bending over backwards for her friends.
Miguel:::  Ugh, these clothes will go out of style before I get to try them on.
Fiona:::  Oh, it's you.
Miguel:::  Didn't Leni tell you that fuchsia was last season's color?
Jackie:::  Guess she didn't tell you that you can't pull off those jeans. 
Fiona:::  That's it.  Leni, come out! You have to choose, either them or us.  Oops, heh heh, my bad.  Wait, isn't Leni with you guys?
Mandee::: We thought she was with you.  Is she blowing us all off?
Host::: On this week's episode of 'Vest Friends Forever', Kurt is torn between suede fringe and classic pinstripe.
Kurt::: Luckily, my best friends are here to help me choose the perfect vest.
Leni::: Hello?
Jackie:::  Leni, what the heck? Where are you?
Leni::: Oh, hey, how's the pop-up sale?
Fiona:::  Never mind that. You ditched us. Do you have another group of friends we don't know about?
Leni::: I'm sorry. I knew that no matter who I went to the sale with,  I'd be upsetting someone, so I decided to stay home. I'll let you guys go. I don't want to ruin your day.
Jackie::: Wow. Leni missed her favorite sale because of us.
Fiona::: Ugh, we are the worst.
Lincoln::: Leni, we need to talk to you.
Lori::: We overheard your phone call and we're worried about you. It's not your fault if your friends can't get along.
Leni::: It's not?
Lincoln::: No. And if they can't hang out together, they'll just have to learn to share you.
Leni::: You know what? You're right.
Lori:::  Now, you march over to the store, and tell them that they're going to have to grow up.
Leni:::  Yeah!  I will do that.  Oh, you're here. Well, good. There's something I have to say to you.
Miguel::: Actually, there's something we have to say to you.
Leni:::  No, me first! If you can't share the store, then you're going to have to march over to the room, and grow me up!  Wait, that's not right.  Dang it. I was gonna practice this on the bus!
Mandee::: Leni, never mind that. We came to apologize.
Miguel::: We've been acting like total jerks, and we're sorry we got so jealous.
Jackie::: Even if the four of us aren't gonna be besties, we can at least try to get along.
Fiona::: 'Cause the last thing any of us want is to lose you as a friend.
Leni:::  Aww, that's supes sweet. Thanks, you guys. Hey, do you want to come in? I was just watching 'Vest Friends Forever'.
Miguel & Jackie::: I love that show! 
Kurt:::  Ha, right? I mean, how could you go wrong?
Fiona:::  That vest, is so addy-addy bing bang.
Mandee:::  Hey, this pomelo's really tasty. Good call, Miguel.
