Clyde:::  Hop!  Morning, Dads!
Harold::: Morning, sweetie, up, arms up.  Now, now, don't want you falling off the stool and cracking your noggin.
Howard:::  Yeah, leave the cracking to me.
Harold::: So, Clyde, is there anything you wanted to do this weekend? Ooh, we could do CPR training.
Clyde::: Well, actually, Zach's watching this new movie about a family of crows, who organize and take over...
Howard:::  Woah, that sounds pretty scary, plus it could trigger, your crow phobia. Harold, you wanna weigh in here?
Harold::: Dad's right honey, is there anything else you wanted to do?
Clyde::: Uh, 
Howard::: Clyde! They're hot! 
Clyde:::  Lincoln's pulling a video game all-nighter. Can I join him?
Harold::: Well, even if it's the weekend, you still have a bedtime, kiddo.
Clyde:::  I guess CPR training it is. 
Howard::: Clyde, no! Not the hot sauce!  You'll burn your mouth.  I thought we locked this up.
Lincoln::: So you can't come over for the all-nighter? Bummer, now Rusty gets to invite his cousin Randy, that guy always double dips the salsa.
Clyde::: I'm sorry, sometimes my dads' kinda drive me crazy, they watch my every move, I never have any freedom, just once I'd love to stay up late, and, eat a pickle.
Lincoln::: Wait, you can't eat pickles?
Clyde::: One guy in the eighteen hundreds dies from a freak pickle choking accident and now I can never have one. R. I. P. Jebediah Gladstone.
Lincoln::: Maybe if your dads had something to distract them, they'd be less focused on you.  Hey look.  Why don't you get them another pet?  Liam's giving away baby chicks again.
Clyde::: I don't know, my cats are born hunters, you should have seen what they did to my dad's bunny slippers.  But this could work.
Howard::: Clyde! Watch your eyes I've got the pressure cooker out.
Clyde:::  So I had an idea I wanted to run past you guys. How about we host a Brazilian exchange student? His name's Tiago and he's in my grade.
Harold:::  Wow Clyde, What inspired this?
Clyde::: I just thought it would be fun, plus I always wanted to know more about Brazilian culture.
Howard::: I don't know, this is a big responsibility, and we wouldn't wanna take time away from you.
Clyde::: Pssh, I've had your undivided love and support for eleven years, I can stand to share it for a few weeks.
Harold::: Well, if you're sure.
Clyde::: Great, cause I already signed up.  That must be him, I got it.
Tiago::: Oy, I'm Tiago, nice to meet you.
Clyde::: Hi Tiago, I'm Clyde.
Tiago::: Sorry Clyde, I am a hugger.  You too, Dads! Get over here!
Clyde::: Welcome, it's good to have you.
Tiago::: These are gifts for you,  Carnival costumes.  We wear them to dance the samba.
Clyde::: Maybe you guys can try these on and Tiago can show you a few steps. I'll leave you to it.
Clyde::: Pickle time. My tastebuds are already dancing.  Oh, I get it, you guys want a little freedom too.
Howard:::  Clyde, are you eating pickles?
Harold:::  And are the kitties eating treats?
Clyde:::  Uh, no Dads, we're just, um, making a cheese tray! Gouda? Or swiss?
Howard:::  Ooh, how about both. And don't forget the water crackers.
Clyde:::  They're still not distracted enough, we've gotta try and get them out of the house with Tiago.  Now where are those water crackers?
Tiago:::  I? 
Harold::: Morning Clyde.
Clyde:::  Morning everyone. Dads, I was thinking. Why don't you take Tiago on a grand tour of Royal Woods today?  Maybe stop for a picnic?
Howard:::  What a great idea. We can grab a Flippee, rent paddle boats at Tall Timbers Pond, tour the paper-- plant.
Clyde::: I'd love to come along, but someone needs to stay home and uh,  cat sit.
Howard::: Huh?
Harold::: Huh?
Clyde::: You know how those stinkers like to un-pot the plants while we're gone.  Bad cat, no, no.
Harold::: Clyde's right. We can't leave the cats alone.
Clyde:::  Great! Have fun!  And now to watch, Crow Mageddon. 
Harold::: But, we can't leave Clyde alone either.
Howard::: I know, let's call our cat sitter, Francois, then Clyde can come along. How's that sound sweetie?
Harold::: And what's behind your back?
Clyde:::  Uh, nothing.  Francois, great.
Howard::: Clyde, where's your mosquito hat? You never know when there's gonna be a bug outbreak.
Howard::: Here's a little Royal Woods history. The pony express used to cut through this very park! Here's some petrified manure to prove it.  Oh, uh, no, just a pinecone. 
Stilt Boy::: Aw, what are we gonna do with all these extra pickles?
Boy Jordan::: Guess we'll just throw them away.
Clyde::: Hey Dads, I'm just gonna take a short walk, stretch my legs.
Clyde::: Let's hope this works.  Hey Dads, can we talk? I'm worried about Tiago, I think he's homesick.
Howard::: What makes you say that?
Clyde::: Well, I saw him hugging his carnival costume, and looking sad. But you know what might help? A little quality time with the two greatest dads I know, Bing, and Bang. I'd love to join, but I think that some one-on-one time would do him a load of good.
Harold::: Well, alright then.
Howard::: Oh.  Look how well he hides it.
Clyde:::  Have fun guys.  Freedom, and pickles!
Clyde::: Ah, oh! Oh, yeah! Yeah, free! What I am! Freedom!
Clyde::: Ha, ha, oh yeah.
Howard:::  Clyde, we're home.
Clyde:::  Oh, hey Dads, we were just getting an early jump on our bedtime.  How'd it go tonight?
Howard::: Great. You were right. Tiago really needed some one-on-one time.
Harold::: He told us all about his life in Brazil, and, and how he hopes to be a professional samba dancer one day.
Clyde::: Sounds like you guys are really bonding. Who knows? Maybe you could even visit him in Brazil someday.
Howard::: Now there's a fun idea.
Clyde:::  Morning Dads, have you seen my hat?--  Dads? Tiago?  Went to farmer's market with T. Hmm? Well, I'm sure they at least left my breakfast in the microwave.  It doesn't matter. I'll just stop at Flip's for a breakfast Flippee.
Clyde::: Dads, I'm home!  My homework's ready if you wanna check it.  Really? They're gone again?  And no note this time.
Clyde:::  Guess they don't care if I get into college. 
Clyde:::  I can't believe this! First they forget my breakfast burrito, then they leave without writing me a note. And now they're doing whatever that is when they're supposed to be giving me my weekly haircut. Just look at how long my bangs are.
Howard::: Tiago, do your bangs need a trim?
Clyde:::  Oh come on! 
Clyde:::  Dads, we need to talk!  Really? They're gone again?  Went to Aeroporto.  What?! Why did they go to the airport?!  And their suitcases are gone?!
Clyde::: Maybe you could even visit him in Brazil someday.
Howard::: Now there's a fun idea.
Clyde:::  I don't feel so good.  Lincoln! I've got an emergency and there's no code for it!
Clyde:::  Hey! Lincoln?  Lincoln? Lincoln!
Lincoln::: Clyde! I'm here! What is it?
Clyde::: My dads and Tiago are flying to Brazil and they left me behind! Who knows when or if they're coming back?
Lincoln::: Clyde, no offense, but that sounds a little nuts.
Clyde::: Lincoln, buddy. I don't need you to fight me on this, I just need a favor.
Clyde::: Thanks for the help guys! 
Lincoln::: Good luck buddy.  So should we stop for breakfast?
Clyde:::  Dads! Wait! I don't want you to go to Brazil!
Howard & Harold:::  Clyde, what is it?
Clyde::: I only asked if we could host Tiago because I wanted a little freedom, but I never wanted you guys to forget about me! I love you and, I need you, and I miss spending time with you.
Harold::: Clyde, there's been a huge misunderstanding.  We aren't going to Brazil, Tiago is.
Howard::: All that dance practice we did paid off. T got accepted into Samba school in Rio! Class starts tomorrow, so he had to take the first flight out.
Clyde::: But your suitcases were gone.
Harold::: Well, someone liked Flippees so much, that we decided to send him back with a few suitcases full.
Howard::: Dad and I would never forget about you. We were just trying to give you more space. It seemed like that's what you wanted.
Clyde::: You mean, you could tell?
Harold::: And you may have had less freedom than you thought.
Clyde:::  You mean you were watching me the whole time?!  Thank you! I love you.
Howard & Harold::: We love you too.
Clyde::: So long T. Good luck with your samba school.
Tiago::: Uh, there is no samba school.  Don't get me wrong, your dads are lovely people, but they're a bit intense, even for me. I don't know how you do it, Clyde.
Clyde::: Honestly, I wouldn't have it any other way.
Tiago::: If you're ever in Brazil, look me up, Clyde. Ciao, Ciao. 
Clyde:::  Tiago, you're gonna miss your plane.
Tiago:::  Bye Clyde!
Clyde::: Bye!
Howard:::  Here you go Clyde, while you wait for your breakfast to cool.
Clyde:::  Is this for real?
Howard::: Mmm-hmm, but chew carefully.
Clyde:::  This is for you Jebediah.
Howard::: Argh! Pickle juice!
Clyde::: Gosh, I guess they really are dangerous.
