Ronnie Anne::: So much for sleeping in.
Hector::: And that's the story of Pancho, the near-sighted goat! Dun-dun!  Gracias! I so love playing for you all, and I can't wait to watch all of you perform for me tonight. Well, I'm sure you all have a lot of rehearsing to do. Adiós!
Ronnie Anne::: Say what?
Carl::: Uh, that means goodbye in Spanish, duh.
Ronnie Anne::: Yes, uh, thank you, Carl, but I meant what is this performing Abuelo's talking about?
Carlota::: It's a Casagrande family tradition for everybody to perform for Abuelo's birthday. It's the highlight of his year!
Ronnie Anne:::  Huh? Everybody?
Carlota::: Yes, my dear, I will be presenting a cutting-edge fashion show. Let me give you a preview.
Bobby::: Well, that's going to be hard to top,  but I'm singing a bolero. Love ballads are Abuelo's favorite. And songs about goats. Check it!
Sergio:::  Don't forget about the real star!
Bobby::: Oh, right, Sergio and I are doing a duet.  He made me.
Frida:::  I made Abuelo a living painting.
Ronnie Anne:::  Who... Who said that?
Frida::: Psst, I did!
Ronnie Anne:::  Aah!
Frida:::  Gotcha, Mija.
CJ::: Next up is the luchador show, starring me, Super CJ!
Carl::: And me, El Chupacabra of steel! Behold my power!  Let me up! Come on! 
Rosa:::  I will perform a traditional Mexican dance to son jarocho music. And I've also made Abuelo's favorite party dish, extra spicy cocktail de camarones.
Sergio:::  Hot shrimpies!  Wall.
Ronnie Anne:::  Whoa, Mom, I didn't know you played harp.
Maria::: Yup, it was a real pain in marching band.
Carlos::: Ooh, and while your mother plays, I'll read a poem I call 'Ode to Abuelo'.
Ronnie Anne::: Wow, that's all pretty impressive, guys.
Carlota::: What are you gonna do, Ronnie Anne?
Ronnie Anne:::  Me?
Ronnie Anne::: I don't know what to do. I can't let Abuelo down by being the only one who doesn't perform. This family doesn't mess around. Even the pets have acts.
Sid::: Don't worry, you're at least as talented as Lalo.
Ronnie Anne::: It's not about talent, it's about performing in front of people. It freaks me out.
Sid::: Why?
Ronnie Anne::: It all started with my first grade play.
Young Ronnie Anne::: Welcome to the magic forest.
Kid in the Audience::: TIMBER!
Ronnie Anne::: If I ever find that kid who yelled timber...
Sid::: Maybe I can help you with your stage fright. Do you know a song you can sing for your Abuelo?
Ronnie Anne::: Maybe.
Sid::: Then, all you need is some practice singing it in front of other people. And I know exactly where to start.
Ronnie Anne::: Are you serious? The GLART?
Sid::: Yeah. Subway trains are the perfect stage. Good lighting, nice acoustics, and you'll never see any of these people again!
Ronnie Anne:::  Ah... Ah... Ah...
Sid::: You can do this.
Stanley:::  Just a reminder, there's no amplified music allowed on the GLART.  Girls?
Sid:::  Oh, hi, Dad! I was just trying to help Ronnie Anne with her stage fright.  She's horribly embarrassed when she's the center of attention!  What am I saying?!  Everyone stop looking at her!
Sid::: Hey, sorry about that.
Ronnie Anne::: It's okay. I know you were just trying to help.
Buskbey:::  I'm outta here. This street is dead. 
Sid::: Wait, that just gave me an idea!
Passerby #1:::  Oh, look, honey, it's a street entertainer.
Passerby #2::: What is she doing?
Passerby #1::: Oh, I know, she's one of those statue people.
Passerby #2::: She's good.
Ronnie Anne::: Thanks for your help, Sid, but, this is a lost cause, there's no way I can sing at Abuelo's party.  Hey! Maybe I could get him a really nice gift instead, something he's always wanted.
Sid::: That's a great idea! What would he like?
Ronnie Anne::: Good question.
Sid::: What is this place?
Ronnie Anne::: The stock room, and Abuelo's office.
Sid:::  Oh, wow! Your Abuelo is really into music.  Look at all these fun instruments!  Shakey eggs,  spinny things,  fish guy. Ooh!  And this is the best one yet!
Ronnie Anne::: Uh, Sid, that's Abuelo's bunion scraper.  Sid, I got it!  Abuelo needs a new conga!
Sid:::  Oh, yeah, that's it.
Ronnie Anne::: I know, right?
Sid::: Okay, real talk, get me one of these for my birthday.
Ronnie Anne::: Abuelo's going to love this.
Vito::: Hey, you must be looking forward to all those birthday gifts, Hector.
Hector::: Oh, Vito, I don't care about gifts. No material good can compare to the joy of watching my family perform. It makes me so proud to see them taking after their Abuelito.
Ronnie Anne::: Aw, what do I do now?
Bobby & Sergio::: Amor amor amor 
Sergio:::  Stop! Stop! You're flat!
Bobby:::  No I'm not! You're sharp!
Sergio::: I'll show you sharp! 
Ronnie Anne:::  Guys, don't fight! You both sound great. Hey, crazy idea, but could you use a third member to round out the band? You don't have any percussion, and I just happen to have a conga. 
Bobby::: Really? That's awesome!
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah! I could just play it in the back where no one can see me or, you know, whatever. 
Bobby::: Sounds good. Welcome aboard.
Sergio:::  Don't steal my spotlight.
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, don't worry, there's no chance of that. 
Carlos::: It's true, mi familia, he's the handsomest fellow, el señor mas guapo we all call Abuelo!
Maria:::  Yes!
Hector::: Bravo! Another year, another great performance from my two hijos chulos!
Bobby:::  Come on, Ronnie Anne. We're up next. 
Ronnie Anne:::  Okay, nothing to be nervous about. Just performing in front of family.
Hector:::  Oh, good! You made it! This is an historic occasion; the first time Bobby and Ronnie Anne are performing at my birthday party.
Ronnie Anne:::  Still going to be fine. I can hide behind this big ol' conga.
Bobby::: Hey, where's Sergio?
Sergio:::  Water.  Water. 
Bobby:::  Sergio, what happened to your voice?
Rosa:::  Who ate all the spicy shrimp cocktail?!
Sergio:::  Wasn't me. 
Bobby:::  Aah! What are we gonna do? The bolero has a two-part harmony. Ronnie Anne, you know the words. You gotta sing Sergio's part.  Okay. One, two, uno, dos, tres, cuatro. 
Rosa and Hector::: Hmm?
Ronnie Anne::: Come in.
Hector:::  What's wrong, mija? Are you okay?
Ronnie Anne:::  I ruined your birthday, Abuelo; I really wanted to sing for you, but I just get so nervous in front of people. I'm sorry, you must be so disappointed in me.
Hector::: No way. I totally understand. It happens to everyone, including me.
Ronnie Anne:::  You? But Abuelo, you love performing. You never get nervous.
Hector::: Well, I wasn't always that way. Let me tell you about my first grade play;  I was on stage for a patriotic Mexican play, dressed in a nopal costume, the Mexican eagle was about to land on me, holding a serpent.
Young Hector::: Viva Mexi-
Kid in Audience::: Viva que?! 
Hector::: If I ever find that guy who yelled viva que.
Ronnie Anne::: I know the feeling.
Hector::: That gave me some pretty bad stage fright for a while. Took me many tries before I finally felt comfortable performing.  So no need to rush it. You'll know when you're ready. And don't worry, I plan to have plenty of birthday parties in the future. 
Ronnie Anne::: Thank you, Abuelo. That really helps.
Hector::: And I still didn't tell you the worst part yet. After I fell, I had ten cactus spines in my bone piece, one they've still never found.
Ronnie Anne::: You're the funniest grandpa ever.
Hector::: Now let's get back to the party. We gotta catch the last act.  The show must go on!  Bobby, how about I sing the duet with you?
Bobby:::  Uno, dos, tres! 
Ronnie Anne::: Hmm, everyone's on stage. There's technically no audience to stare at me.
Hector::: You take after your Abuelito in more ways than one.
