Lincoln:::  Agent McBride, come in. I've infiltrated the secret lair of M.A.L.I.C.E.: Masterminds Acting Lawlessly In Committing Evil.
Clyde::: Careful extracting the package. This evil agent is particularly dangerous, and a biter.  Careful. That cereal's packed with fiber. It's... extra crunchy.
Lincoln::: Success. Fly the eagle home.
Lola:::  That's my color-changing spoon!
Lincoln:::  Stop, Lola!
Luna::: Dude, what's your deal?
Lola::: He and Clyde are playing spies. They're into a dumb new comic book.
Lincoln::: Um, secret agent David Steele is not dumb. He's a well oiled fighting machine.  Initiate breakout sequence! 
Lynn::: Family huddle, yo! I've got news!
Lynn Sr.::: This better be good, LJ. You almost made my cherry soufflé collapse.  N-noo!
Lynn::: I just saw a moving truck pull up next door. New neighbors, baby!
Rita::: Now hang on. We don't wanna-  overwhelm them. 
Lynn Sr.::: Hi. Hi. Lynn Loud Sr.
Lisa::: I'm Lisa.
Lynn Sr.::: I made you a pie with Michigan cherries. 
Carly::: Ch-ch-cherries?
Lynn Sr.::: From Michigan!
Carly::: Oh. Thank you. 
Ryan::: Cherries? Ugh. 
Jeff::: Cherries?  Thank you, but-
Mr. Coconuts::: Put her there, pal. 
Rita::: Bad family! Back! Back. Sorry, I'm still training them. Welcome. We're the Louds.
Carly::: We're the Millers. I'm Carly,  this is my hubby Jeff,  and our son Ryan.
Jeff::: And no need to apologize. Living next to such a lively bunch will add some excitement to our lives.
Mr. Grouse:::  Well let's see how you feel in an hour.
Lincoln::: They're spies! The neighbors are spies!
Rita::: Sweetie, you do this to the new neighbors every time you and Clyde are on one of your kicks.
Flashback Lincoln::: But the neighbors are evil supervillains!  But the neighbors are ghosts!  But the neighbors are aliens!
Lincoln:::  I'll guess I'll just have to prove to you, David Steele style. 
Lynn::: You're blocking the TV bro.
Lincoln::: Ugh.  Agent McBride, come in. I need your help with a new mission. My-
Clyde::: Neighbors are spies, but your family doesn't believe you, so you have to gather evidence.
Lincoln and Clyde::: Let's do this.
Clyde::: Jeff, where are you off to in such a hurry?
Lincoln::: That's what we're about to find out.
Clyde::: The library? But why?
Lincoln::: Yeah. Why? Engage Agent Steele button cams.
Jeff::: Hi. Uh, Can you tell me where the Suspense section is?
Trench Coat Woman::: Do you like suspense books? 
Jeff::: Yes. Yes I do like suspense books. 
Lincoln::: Fishy. 
Clyde::: Super fishy.
Lincoln::: Fish city.
Lincoln:::  Eh. She's just getting a Flippee.
Flip::: Peach, huh? You're sure you don't want cherry?
Carly::: I hate cherries.
Clyde::: That's weird. Who doesn't like cherries?
Flip:::  Hey, get that hunk of junk out of my-  And stay out!  Why do I suddenly feel naked?
Lincoln::: Whoops. Sorry buddy.
Clyde:::  Activating Agent Steele pepperoni listening device.
Lynn::: So new kid, got any big plans this weekend? Gonna be cage wrestling in the backyard if you're interested.
Ryan::: Thanks. But I'll be busy with packing, cleaning, taking out the garbage...
Lincoln::: Wait a minute. Clyde, garbage day isn't until Tuesday.
Clyde:::  Something stinks here.
Liam:::  Sorry, fellers. Meemaw's homemade yogurt.
Lincoln::: Now what do we have here?
Clyde:::  Hmm. Carly and the cherries. 
Lincoln::: Jeff and all those library books
Clyde:::  Ryan's blatant lie about garbage day.  What does it all add up to?
Lincoln::: Maybe Agent Steele can help us. 
Clyde::: Lincoln, look.  In issue 7, Taking out the garbage meant MALICE was plotting some kind of destruction.
Lincoln::: That's right. Hmm. But what's there to destroy in Royal Woods? 
Lincoln and Clyde::: Huh.  Cherries! 
Lincoln::: Of course! Carly flips her lid over cherries!
Clyde::: And if they destroy the cherry supply, they cripple the local economy!
Lincoln::: And take over the whole state of Michigan! Just like M.A.L.I.C.E. when they took over the North Pole, and held Santa for ransom in that holiday issue!
Clyde::: Oh. I didn't read that one.
Lincoln::: It was really good. So the only question left is, who are the Millers working for?
Lincoln::: Jeff taking out a book on how to grow Georgia peaches in the suspense section. Suspense? That's it! Clyde, I figured it out! S.U.S.P.E.N.S.E. must be the name of their evil organization: Secret Underground Society of Peach Entrepreneurs Nixing Sour Exports!
Clyde::: Okay, well now that you've said it, it's just embarrassingly obvious.
Lincoln::: We have to get to that console in the Millers' attic  and override the cherry destruction order.
Clyde::: But how do we keep them distracted? 
Lincoln::: Distraction is my specialty.
Rita::: A barbecue for the Millers was such a thoughtful idea, sweetie.
Lincoln::: Just wanted them to feel welcome.
Lynn Sr.::: Still think they're spies?
Lincoln::: You believe I ever thought that?
Lynn Sr.::: No! Hey, think fast! 
Lincoln::: Agent McBride, are you in position?
Clyde::: 10-4! The Squirrel is in the Nest! 
Lincoln::: Perfect. Now to summon our undercover agent.
Lincoln::: Alright, Agent Charles, if you can find a way into the Millers' house this hot dog will be all yours.  Oh. Easiest hot dog you've ever earned.  Meant to do that.  Clyde, I'm in the Millers' house. Everything good on your end.
Clyde:::  Yep. There's no one in sight.  LOLA!!  So you're probably wondering why I'm in this bush. Funny story. Cleo got out, and boy that darn cat.
Lola:::  HEY EVERYBODY!!! LINCOLN IS SNEAKING AROUND THE NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE!!
Lincoln::: Whoa.  Agent McBride, I'm in the attic.
Clyde::: Um. We've got a situation.  Lola blew our cover! Everyone's heading your way!
Lincoln::: Dang it. We'll have to work fast. Okay, buddy. Walk me through this.
Clyde::: Right.  Issue number 4: Agent Steele had to reroute the mouse console to override mode. To do that you'll have to remove the side panel.
Lincoln::: Good thing I always carry my Agent Steele ink pen with laser beam feature and optional cat toy attachment.  Okay. Which wire am I looking for?
Clyde::: I can't tell! It's either chili powder brown or chicory! You're just going to have to pick one!
Rita::: LINCOLN!!! 
Lincoln::: I can explain. The Millers are spies! They work for an evil organization called S.U.S.P.E.N.S.E.! And they're about to destroy all the cherries in Michigan!
Carly::: Jeff and I work for The Weather Services.
Jeff:::  That console monitors storm systems moving in toward Royal Woods. And FYI, it's gonna be hot, hot, hot this weekend.
Lincoln:::  Egh. Sorry everyone. I really messed up this time.
Rita:::  I am so sorry. We will be having along talk with Lincoln about boundaries! OK, everyone. Let's go and leave these very patient people alone.
Clyde:::  Agent Loud, was the mission a success?
Lincoln:::  No Clyde buddy. It was a major failure. Over and out.
Computer::: Commence total cherry annihilation in 20 seconds. 
Lynn Sr.::: You're r-r-really...
Jeff:::  Spies. 
Carly::: And your son's right. We work for S.U.S.P.E.N.S.E..
Ryan::: Secret Underground Society of Peach Entrepreneurs Nixing Sour Ex-ports.
Jeff::: And it's too late to stop us now.
Lincoln::: Too late is just enough time.  Activate Agent David Steele pudding shoes! 
Computer::: 3. 2. 1. Cherry annihilation terminated.
Lincoln::: Yeah!  
Jeff:::  You may have thwarted us this time, but we won't stop until Georgia peaches rule the fruit world!
Lynn Sr.::: Not on our watch.  We're taking you to the ding-dang .
Ryan::: You'll have to catch us first. 
Katherine Mulligan::: Katherine Mulligan reporting from Franklin Street where authorities are still searching for a family of spies. Their plot to destroy the Michigan cherry supply was thwarted thanks to these two adorable heroes. 
TV Rita::: Bad family.
Rita::: I'm sorry we didn't take you seriously Lincoln.
Lincoln::: Eh. Can't blame you. I gotta admit. It was all kind of crazy.
Lynn::: Yo. New neighbors are moving in next door. Let's go meet them.
Rita::: Hold it. Remember what we talked about? Lincoln, go check it out first.
Lincoln::: Come in, Agent McBride. Looks like we're needing another stakeout. A secret agent's job is never done!  Meant to do that.
