Ronnie Anne::: Here it comes, Sid!
Sid::: Ronnie Anne! Go long!
Ronnie Anne::: I got it!  Aha!
Sid::: Yeah!
Ronnie Anne::: Whoo! Score!  Uh-oh,  someone dropped their change purse.
Sid::: Bummeroni, I don't see anyone around. Who could it belong to?
Bobby::: This mercado ain't big enough for the two of us.  Fastest pricer in town.  Awe, dang it.
Ronnie Anne::: Hey, Bobby, we just found this change purse. Any idea whose it could be?
Bobby::: No clue, but I think we have a lost and found box around here somewhere.
Ronnie Anne::: Woah, how long has all that been in there?
Bobby::: Way before my time, I guess no one ever comes back for their stuff.
Carl::: Then can I take it? Maybe I can sell it for a quick buck.
Bobby:::  No Carl. What are you doing up there anyway?
Carl:::  I'm playing water balloon tag with CJ;  nobody blow my cover, or else. 
Sid:::  Maybe you should check inside the change purse, there might be a license in there.
Ronnie Anne:::  Good idea. Woah, a hundred dollar bill.
Carl:::  Holy cashola.  Uh, I just remembered, I lost my change purse this morning.  Thank you for finding it.
Ronnie Anne:::  Nice try, Carl. 
Sid::: Should we put it in the Lost and Found?
Ronnie Anne::: I don't know, someone might really need this money.  We can't just toss it in some dusty old box, maybe we should try to find the owner.
Carl:::  I can prove it's mine! My bill had a picture of Abraham Washington on it.
Ronnie Anne::: That's not even a real president.
Carl:::  He is too!  Safe zone?
Sid::: Ooh, sweets. 
Ronnie Anne::: Okay, first thing, let's check with everyone in the building, they all shop at the mercado.
Sid:::  We got this.
Carl::: That's not a good look for you.
Bobby::: This is all the stuff from the Lost and Found box, I thought if I put it on maybe the owners would recognize it when they come in.
Carl::: Pshh, that's never gonna work, it's just a bunch of old junk.
Bobby::: It will so work. In fact, I'll bet you dessert for the week that by the end of the day, all of this stuff will be claimed.
Carl::: Are you sure you wanna do that? It's flan week.  Your palms are just as soft as I expected.
Ronnie Anne::: With all these flyers, someone's gotta call.
Sid::: Oh, my, gosh, that pizza smells so good.
Ronnie Anne::: Well, let's take a break and have a slice, all that running around made me hungry.  Oh wait,  I don't have any money on me. Do you?
Sid::: Nope,  just this unclaimed one-hundred dollar bill.
Ronnie Anne::: Well, maybe we could just borrow a little from the change purse.
Sid::: Yeah, and obviously we replace whatever we spent ASAP.
Ronnie Anne::: Totally, we're good for it.
Vito::: Woah, look at this guy over here, wearing the whole closet at once.
Bobby::: These items are from our Lost and Found. Does anything look familiar?
Vito:::  Hey, my sunglasses.  I forgot about these,  you made my day kid. 
Bobby::: See, it totally worked.
Carl::: You know he didn't pay for his groceries.
Sid::: Well, we covered the whole neighborhood, now we just wait for the owner to call.  Whoops, sorry.
Ronnie Anne:::  Woah, what's going on?
Cowboy clown::: New game got released today, Cowboys vs. Clowns.
Ronnie Anne & Sid::: Ooh.
Ronnie Anne::: I heard that's supposed to be awesome. Should we borrow a little more money?
Sid:::  What's a few bucks more? We'll pay it back.  Whoo, twenty bucks goes fast in an arcade.
Ronnie Anne::: Especially if they have a photo booth.  But it's okay, because we're not going to borrow anymore money.
Sid::: Nope, we gotta be responsib-  Oh my gosh,  Parade of the Penguins?
Ronnie Anne::: Woah, there's even a QnA with the penguins.
Mrs. Flores::: Ah, thank you Bobby,  I thought Buttercup ate my missing earring,  I've been following her around for days hoping for the best. Now if I could just find my reading glasses.  Ooh, 
Bobby::: Your flan is mine.
Sid::: I had no idea penguins could do autographs.
Ronnie Anne::: Me neither, and it only cost ten dollars.  Huh, still no calls about the change purse. Well, maybe we should just go home and wait.
Sid::: Yeah, and no matter what else we see, we're not spending more money.
Ronnie Anne::: Even if it's amazing, pinky swear?
Sid:::  Ronnie Anne, I swear will never ever  Oh my gosh!  Is that a Twelve is Midnight, k-pop, pop-up store?
Employee::: Blowout sale! Today only!
Sid's pinky::: But you guys swore.
Sid:::  Quiet you.  Get him girls.
Ronnie Anne::: Well, that's the end of the money, but these deals were too good to pass up.
Sid::: I know, especially the Yoon Kwan waffle maker.  I can't wait to be part of your balanced breakfast.
Ronnie Anne::: Hello?
Maybelle::: Ronnie Anne, it's Maybelle, I saw your flyer about the change purse.
Ronnie Anne:::  Uh oh.
Maybelle::: If it's brown with a gold clasp and a hundred dollars inside, it's mine.
Sid::: I don't know, would we call it brown? Or is it more of a dark tan?
Ronnie Anne:::  Yes Maybelle, it's yours.
Maybelle::: Wonderful, I'll meet you at the mercado in two hours to pick it up.
Ronnie Anne::: Great.  Arrgh! Why did we have to spend all that money? I don't even like waffles.
Sid::: Me neither! I like pancakes.  No offense.  None taken.
Ronnie Anne::: I've got seven dollars, how'd you do?
Sid:::  The only thing in my piggy bank was an IOU from my dad, he borrowed money to pay the takeout guy.
Ronnie Anne::: Okay, then we just need to make ninety-three more dollars in two hours.
Sid::: Should we shake down my dad? He does owe me interest.
Ronnie Anne::: Hmm, alright, let's try it.
Sid::: My dad only had five bucks on him, but he gave me an idea, follow my lead. Hit it Dad.  It's show time.  Feel free to tip the performers. 
Subway Man::: Hey!
Subway Woman::: Watch it!
Sergio:::  Hey! Get your own train, take it down.
Par::: Hey Bobby, fruit delivery.  Woah, that looks like my old CD player.
Carl:::  No it's not, it's a, panini press.
Par::: No this is mine, it's still got my pump up mix.  Now I can work out again, thanks bro.
Ronnie Anne::: Hey Bobby, can we borrow the mercado delivery bike?
Bobby::: Sure.
Ronnie Anne::: Thanks.
Bobby:::  Ha, only one thing left.
Carl::: You know what? Let's double the bet, two weeks of dessert.
Bobby::: On churro week? You're on.
Ronnie Anne::: Voila, it's ready.
Miranda:::  Oh man,  where's my cab? My flight's in thirty minutes.
Ronnie Anne:::  Hey Miranda, need a ride?
Miranda:::  I'm not even gonna ask what that thing is, just get me to the airport.  Hey, can you speed it up? I'll pay extra.
Sid::: I don't know if we can make it. 
Ronnie Anne::: Don't worry Sid, we got this.
Miranda::: Oh, bye girls.
Ronnie Anne::: Guess I'm not getting a tip.
Sid::: Yoon Kwan waffles for sale! Get 'em while their hot!  Would you like a Yoon Kwan waffle? Only one hundred dollars.  They're handsome and delicious.
Ronnie Anne::: Ah, forget it Sid, Maybelle's gonna be here any minute, I think we just gotta come clean.
Maybelle::: Hello, I am so glad you found my change purse.
Ronnie Anne::: Hey, Maybelle, about that, the thing is, there's something missing from it.
Sid::: A hundred things really.
Ronnie Anne::: We, sort of, spent all the money.
Maybelle:::  You did what!?
Ronnie Anne::: We're so sorry, we didn't think anyone was going to call.
Sid::: We should have known better, but the pizza smelled so good, and there was this penguin movie we'd never seen, and we just got carried away.
Ronnie Anne:::  But we'll do anything to make it up to you.
Sid:::  Literally anything, we feel horrible.
Maybelle:::  I can't say I feel great either.  But you two ding-dongs seem eager to do the right thing.  And I do have some chores I could use a hand with, you help me with those, we'll call it even.
Ronnie Anne & Sid::: It's a deal.
Maybelle:::  Ah, nothing like a glass of freshly squeezed mango juice.
Maybelle::: Now, I need everything on this shopping list.  Chicharrónes with extra rónes, and cheesy chease chips, but don't forget to dust the cheese off.  Well, that's everything, we can call it even now, thank you for your for your help.
Sid:::  Ding and Dong, at your service.
Ronnie Anne::: Glad that's over, from now on, I'm not taking anything that doesn't belong to me.
Bobby:::  Ronnie Anne, you gotta pay for that.
Carl::: And you gotta pay me, in desserts, no one claimed the sweatshirt. 
Bobby::: Fine.
Carl::: Don't worry, I'll make sure to tell you how delicious you're desserts are.  By the way, you might wanna look at the back of your sweatshirt.
Bobby:::  Awe, if only I'd found this Bobby guy.
