Mr. Budden::: All right, treble-makers, it's Glee Club time!  Oh, wow. Wow, cherry indeed. Wait, control yourself. OK, everyone, practice is about to begin...  ...once I recover from this brain freeze! 
Clyde::: Guys, being a treble-maker is the best part of my day!
Liam::: Yeah. I still can't believe Zach, Rusty and Stella chose home ec with Mr. Bolhofner.
Lincoln::: Well, Rusty thought they'd get to eat cookies all the time.
Mr. Bolhofner::: Today, we're gonna learn how to make cricket cheesecake. I was once stuck 45 miles up the Amazon, but I still ate like a  king.
Mr. Budden::: Now today, we are gonna dive into the big number for the district competition. If we nail this performance, we move on to regionals! First up, auditions for the solo, so dazzle me!  Brain freeze! 
Clyde::: Ooh, the solo! I've been practicing for the audition for a month! 
Lincoln::: You're gonna do great, buddy! Meanwhile, I'd beat the final villain in Muscle Fish, so it was a big month for both of us.
Clyde::: Uh, I hope those private private singing lessons pay off. That was a long drive to Cleveland every weekend. On the bright side, it did give me time to listen to Leon Cavaratti's Guide to Improving Your Vocal Cords!  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye!  Was I off there?! I can't be off! My aunts are flying in from the Canary Islands just to see me sing in the show!
Lincoln::: No, no, you were fine. But maybe try it like this.  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye! 
Liam::: Did you know he had the voice of an angel? 
Mr. Budden::: Who sang that?  Cancel the auditions! Lincoln, you have to sing the solo. Your beautiful voice melted my brain freeze and my heart.
Lincoln::: Whoa, Mr. Budden, slow down! I wasn't even trying out, and there are great singers who have been practicing for months and whose aunts are flying in from the Canary Islands as we speak! Shouldn't they audition?
Mr. Budden::: Hmm. That would be the fair thing to do, but not this time. Let's begin!
Lincoln::: Clyde, I'm so sorry. I didn't know that was going to happen.
Clyde::: Yeah. No one did. Who could've seen that coming?! Are we sure this isn't a bad dream?! I mean, it's a good dream, 'cause this is all good!
Lincoln::: Are you sure you're OK with me singing the solo? 'Cause you never say good like that.
Clyde:::  Nope. Totally cool! 
Clyde::: Cleo, Ti-Ti, I need my sous-chefs! Time to bake away the blues, and based on the day I had, we're gonna need at least eight batches of focaccia.  I just can't believe it. I worked so hard for that solo! I even had minor surgery! Then Lincoln waltzes in, sings a few notes, and steals it from me! I know he didn't mean to, but still, Lincoln spent the last month playing video games while I'm still recovering from epiglottis enlargement! What am I supposed to tell Aunt Hap and Aunt Hoda?! It's not fair! I'm the right treble-maker to lead us to the regionals!  Wait, maybe I still can. What if Lincoln somehow loses his voice and I have to heroically step in? Lincoln doesn't have the training I have; bet he doesn't even know he should be resting his voice!
Liam::: OK, Action News Team, check your teeth, you're on in five!
Clyde::: Hey, I have a fun idea: why don't we sing the news today? It'll be extra practice and we can share your newfound gift with the world!
Lincoln::: Um, I...  Good morning, Kangaroo-oo-oo-oos!
Clyde::: Hey guys, anyone up for a little lunch time karaoke?
Stella::: Why?
Clyde:::  For fun, Stella.  Lincoln, you go first, I think you know this classic jam.  Ninety-nine jars of jam on the wall, ninety-nine jars of jam. Take one down, pass it around, ninety eight jars of jam on the wall. 
Lincoln::: Ninety-eight jars of jam on the wall, ninety-eight jars of jam...  ...take one down, pass it around, no more jars of jam on the wall. 
Rusty:::  Ah, finally.
Clyde::: One more time.
Lincoln::: I got your text. What's the emergency? Are you having another panic attack about your retirement?
Clyde::: Worse, I'm just missing my BFF. I thought we could catch up while I'm buffing the floors for extra credit. So tell me about your day.
Lincoln::: Well...  It's been okay! Rusty dropped his survival brick on his foot! And I had to take him to the nurse!
Clyde::: Fascinating! Tell me more!
Liam::: Hey, Lincoln, what's with the whiteboard?
Clyde:::  Sorry everyone. Lost my voice. Can't do solo?!
Mr. Budden::: What are we gonna do?!
Clyde::: Well, I could try to carry on in Lincoln's footsteps. I do know all the words to the solo.
Mr. Budden::: I guess that'll have to do. The district competition is tomorrow night. Come on everyone, let's start rehearsals.
Clyde::: Yes!
Mr. Budden::: Treble-makers, the Home-Ec Club is making your costumes for tomorrow. They're here to gather inspiration.
Rusty::: I say we go bold, with feathers and jeggings.
Zach::: I would never let anyone take my measurements. Wouldn't want a record in me listed anywhere.
Mr. Budden:::  Why don't we start rehearsals now?
Paula::: Sorry. I'm still getting the hang of these wires.
Clyde:::  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to...  What comes next?
Mr. Budden::: Stop! Stop! Okay fine, let's just... let's just forget about the flying element for now and, practice on the ground.
Paula::: Wasn't me.
Liam and Byron:::  ...If you think you've lost your way, well there's no need to sit and cry. 
Clyde:::  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbyyyyyyyyyyye! 
Mr. Budden::: Cut! Stop! Why don't we practice the solo standing still? With no disco ball.
Clyde:::  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye! 
Mr. Budden::: Nope, wrong octave.
Clyde:::  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye! 
Mr. Budden::: Nope, wrong tempo.
Clyde:::  In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye! 
Mr. Budden::: Nope, wrong key.
Clyde::: In this herky-jerky world, you shouldn't need to say goodbye! 
Mr. Budden::: Nope! Nope! Nope! You are killing me, McBride! Oh, where's my Flippee?  Ah! 
Clyde::: Sorry guys, this solo is trickier than I thought.
Mr. Budden:::  Let's just call it a day, I'll see you all tonight at the show.
Byron:::  Man, I wish I hadn't invited my ex. We'll never get back together now.
Clyde:::  We're definitely gonna lose tonight. And it's all my fault. Why'd I have to sabotage Lincoln's angel voice?  What a selfish jerk I've been.  Maybe it's not too late to make this right!
Clyde:::  Hey, Lincoln, listen, we need to talk.  I've been a bad friend. I wanted to sing that solo so badly, the lessons in Cleveland, my great aunts Hap and Hoda, my epiglottis, it was a lot of pressure, so I purposely pushed you to lose your voice.  GASP! I know, I'm so sorry. I was just jealous of how naturally talented you are. But I'm working on that.  Thanks Lincoln, I appreciate that. Listen, we all need you to come back, I'm terrible as a soloist. We need you, and your angel voice. Before you ask how...  When you listen to Leon Cavaratti's Guide to Improving Your Vocal Cords for a whole month, you pick up some tips.
Leon Cavaratti:::  Jumping on a trampoline will strengthen your pelvic uploris.  Got to keep your throat strong by gargling salty water.
Clyde::: Just keep on gargling Lincoln.  How's the voice?
Leon Cavaratti::: Breathing steam helps the irritated vocal cords stay moist.
Clyde:::  Okay Lincoln, twenty more minutes should do it.
Mr. Budden::: Where is my soloist?!  Wait, really? Don't tease me, Lincoln! I am a fragile man.
Clyde::: Don't worry. This is for real. Lincoln is singing the solo!
Zach::: The costumes are ready! 
Mr. Budden::: Uh, what is this?
Stella::: We decided to go with survivalist chic! It was Zach and Mr. Bolhofner's idea. 
Mr. Budden::: Oh, whatever. Two minutes til curtain, people!
Clyde::: You ready to do this, buddy?
Lincoln::: Well, Leon's a master, but my voice still isn't all 100%. I'm gonna need some backup.
Clyde:::  You got it, bud!Wait, you do mean me, right?
Mr. Budden::: Good, good, good! This was my vision! 
Paula::: Wasn't me!
