Lincoln:::  Ca-ca! Ca-ca!
Lynn Sr.:::  What animal does Mary have?
Lincoln:::  A lamb with the fleece as white as snow.
Lynn Sr.::: Oh, good. It's really you, son. Are you sure Luan didn't follow you?
Lincoln::: Definitely. I took four different buses. Plus, I've got Clyde doing some surveillance on her.
Lynn Sr.::: Great! Now let's get down to business. April Fools day is tomorrow, and we still don't have a plan to stop Luan from pranking our butts off! So, who's got an idea?
Lori::: Oh, Bobby said we could hide in the basement of the bodega, we just have to watch out for the rat traps...and the asbestos.
Rita:::  You're really selling it, honey.
Lincoln::: There's an island off the southern tip of Guam. You can only get to it by submarine.
Lynn:::  We don't have passports, Stinkin'!
Lisa::: Pending some grant money, I could build a ship that could take us to Europa, one of Jupiter's moons.
Lana::: Or we can dig a system of tunnels under the house.
Leni::: Why don't we just ask Luan to stop, but like, REALLY nicely?
Lynn Sr.::: Ugh, maybe it's hopeless!
Producer::: Excuse me, do you folks mind? We're trying to shoot a movie here.
Lola::: Yeah, guys! Outta the shot!  Okay, I'm ready for my close up!
Producer::: Sorry, little girl, you need to get outta the shot, too. We're filming a dangerous stunt.
Lola:::  Your loss!
Director::: And...ACTION!
Director::: CUT!!!
Lynn::: Man, that guy can really take a beating!
Leni::: He looks just like Dad!
Lynn Sr.::: Too bad I can't just hire him to take all of Luan's pranks for me.
Lynn Sr.::: I wasn't being serious.
Lincoln::: But, Dad, maybe that's the perfect plan! We hire a bunch of stunt doubles to take all the hits for us, and we get off pain free.
Leni::: Wow, these doubles look just like us!
Rita::: No, honey. Those are the doubles. 
Leni::: Oh, well, they're good, too.
Lynn Sr.::: So, uh, what's this gonna cost me?
Lynn Sr.:::  Is this in dollars?!
Lincoln::: I don't understand. Why is my double old?
Lynn Sr's stunt double::: You're 11 and you have white hair. I did the best I could.
Lincoln's stunt double::: I came out of retirement for this gig. These days, I mostly just sit around reading in my underwear.
Lincoln::: Never mind, he's perfect.
Lynn Sr.::: Okay, famo. Now that everyone's got a double, it's time to teach them how to look and act just like us. We gotta work fast! Luan gets home at 5, and if she finds the house empty...  Are you picking up on this? I talk with my hands. Big hand talker right here.
Lana::: Really get that mud up in your face. Don't be afraid to eat a little.
Lisa::: Now in addition to English, I speak Mandarin, Latin, Swedish, and West Cost Rap.
Rita::: So, this is the novel I'm working on. In case Luan asks you about it, you probably read the whole thing tonight.
Leni::: Okay, so let's see the walk.
Leni::: Almost, but you forgot part of it.
Lincoln::: First thing in the morning, I usually rush to the bathroom to beat the crowd.
Lincoln's double::: Oh, same here! There're some pushy blue hairs at the senior center!
Lincoln::: Then, before school, I'll sometimes stop for a Flipee. Watermelon-lime's my favorite.
Lincoln's double::: It's my favorite flavor of gelatin!
Lynn Sr.:::  Okay gang, here's the plan. At midnight, we sneak out of the house, and switch places with the doubles. They'll take it from there.
Lynn::: I've got this! 
Lynn Sr.::: Good luck to you guys! Are you sure you're ready?
Lynn Sr.'s double::: Don't worry about us, we're gonna be A-Okay.
Lisa::: Family, gather 'round.  We can follow the action via the cameras I installed in everyone's room last year...  Er... last night.  Oh! We have movement in the twin's room!Lana and Lola: Here it comes!Lana: Huh. I thought for sure Luan was going to nail them with a bucket of grease.Lola: Or a sock full of quarters!Lisa: Old Lincoln is on the move... slowly.Lincoln: Oh, man, I can't watch. What's happening? Did he get injured?Rita: Well, he did hurt his back, but it seems unrelated.Luna:  What's the dealio? Why aren't they getting pranked?Lucy: And why are they leaving the house?Lynn Sr.:  What the heck?! I paid good money for them to get their butts pranked off!Rita: Wait a minute, I get it. Luan's prank was to not prank us at all.Lincoln: What do you mean, Mom?Rita: Ha! She knew we'd go crazy trying to protect ourselves, so she just let us chase our tails.Lori: Oh, you're right. She is good.Lynn Sr.: Well, I may have burned through all our savings, but at least it's over!Luan:  Over? It's just getting started!  You know, family, I had a whole different plan in mind for today, but I'll save that for next year, because once I saw the amazing doubles you guys found, I was inspired to do something even better. So stay tuned, because the rest of this day is going to be doubly special!  Get it? You don't now, but you will.Lucy:  What is she talking about?Lynn:  Ah! Ah! Ah! We gotta stop her!  She welded the door shut!Lana: And the windows!Lori: I'll try the garage door. Who's got the remote?Leni:  Oh, Luan does, she's outside!Luan: Don't look at me, look at the monitors! I put cameras everywhere so you can enjoy the show. Ta-ta!Lincoln: Ah! It's old Lincoln! What's he doing? Did he get lost?Lincoln's Double: Mrs. Johnson, it's me, Lincoln. I can't get through another day of school without telling you, you are the center of my universe, and I love you!Lincoln:  Oh, no!Lola:  Wait! That's my pageant studio!Lola's Double: Hi, Lindsay. I know I won Miss Junior Royal Woods this year, but the truth is, your neck is straighter, your hair holds curls better than mine, and your baton twirling puts mine to shame.  So here, this really belongs to you.Lisa:  Oh, sweet irony! We handed Luan the perfect weapons to destroy us!Leni: Oh, no! My salon!Leni's Double: I love my new perm.  I can't wait to show all my friends!Luna's Double: Dudes, stop!  I think I want to take this thing in a new direction.Luna: Bogus! That's not even good polka!Lana's Double:  Eww, eww, eww! A worm! Lana:  I wouldn't run from it, I'd eat it!Lynn: Uh, why is my double playing against that dweeb? It's not gonna be much of a competition.Lynn:  No! My 300 game winning streak!Rita: What is she doing at my publisher's?Rita's Double: I know I said I needed another month to work on my novel, but I decided it's actually ready.Rita:  No! The ending is wrong! I wanted it all to be a dream!Lisa's Double: Colleagues, I believe that my latest presentation will knock your proverbial socks off.  This is a kitty. He says 'meow'.Lucy's Double: The eyes are the windows to the soul...  ...and it's time I bare mine to you.Lucy: Gasp. Those were never meant to be seen.Lynn Sr.: Banger's & Mosh, the British eatery and rock venue?  Oh, what's he doing there?Quizmaster: Welcome to the Are You a True Englishman trivia challenge. First question: In what city is the Tower of London?Lynn Sr.'s Double: Oh, I got this one! Rome!Lori's Double: Thanks for coming all the way here to meet me, Boo Boo Bear. I just really missed you.  Oh, that was my shoe.  That was my other shoe.  I have some extra shoes in my bag.
Lana::: Good news, guys. I dug us out.Lola:  How is that good? It's not like we can leave. We can't show our faces anywhere in Royal Woods ever again!!Lynn Sr.: Well, guys, it's clear what we have to do.
Luan::: Uh, Mom, what's going on?
Rita::: Obviously, we're moving, honey. You should go pack your things.
Luan::: What? Why?
Lynn Sr::: Well, it's not like we can stay! You pretty much ruined our lives here!
Luan::: Okay, guys. Nice try! You almost had me there for a moment.
Mover::: Is this the La-oods residence?
Luan::: You guys, wait!  I'm sorry for the pranking! Please, we can't move!
Luna:::  It's too late to turn back now.
Luan::: No, it isn't! I'll call everyone I embarrassed you guys in front of. I can explain everything!
Lincoln:::  It's not gonna make any difference.
Lynn Sr::: So we'll see you in the Florida Panhandle Tuesday Morning.
Luan:::  NO! We can't leave! Royal Woods is our home! I'm so sorry! I'll never prank you again!
Family::: APRIL FOOLS!!!
Luan:::  I really gotta hand it to you guys. You're really starting to the get the hang of this! But you might want to stop that truck.
Lincoln::: Actually, most of those boxes were empty...except for the ones filled with your stuff. So you might want to stop that truck!
Luan:::  NO! COME BACK!!!
