Lincoln::: And congrats to our own Liam Hunnicutt, whose cow, Daisy, gave birth to a baby boy. The proud mom had this to say: <nowiki>'</nowiki>Moo!' And now to Clyde McBride with Clyde's Culture Corner.
Clyde::: Thanks, Lincoln! Girl Jordan is about to break the school record for the most books checked out: A whopping forty-seven. And I'm being told none of them have pictures.
Girl Jordan::: Whoa, whoa!
Lincoln::: Uh, I'm getting a breaking bulletin! A suspect is in the principal's office, in connection with the stink bomb thrown at last night's dance.  We now go to Stella Zhau.
Stella::: That's right, Lincoln. The student is inside at this very moment. Viewers, I'm going to try and get a statement from the suspect.
Stella::: Rusty?!
Rusty:::  I'm innocent, I swear!
Lincoln:::  Did Principal Ramirez say why she thinks it was you?
Rusty:::  She wouldn't tell me who, but there were witnesses who claimed to see me throw the stink bomb. And now, I'm suspended for a whole week.
Meryl:::  I hate havin' to escort one of my baby birds off property!
Students:::  Thanks for ruining our dance! Nice job, clown!
Byron:::  Dance ruiner!
Clyde::: This is a travesty of justice! We have to clear Rusty's name!
Lincoln:::  This calls for an Action News Team special investigation!
Lincoln::: Okay. We start by interrogating these so-called 'witnesses'.
Zach::: But how do we find out their names?
Rusty:::  I can help you get them.
Clyde::: Sorry, Miss. Private news meeting.
Rusty::: You guys don't recognize me?  These sweet moves ring any bells? Oh, yeah--ooh!  Huh.
Lincoln, Liam, Stella, Zach & Clyde::: Rusty?!
Liam::: You ain't supposed to be on campus!
Rusty::: I had to come back to clear my name. Up till now, everybody at school loved the Rustman. Mainly 'cause of my sick dancin'.  Ooh, ah--
Lincoln::: Wait. You said you could help us get the names of the witnesses?
Rusty:::  Yep. I set up a meeting today with an informant out by the dumpsters.
Principal Ramirez:::  Hey! What are you doing here? As a substitute teacher, you should be in class. I'll show you where it is. By the way, I love the heels.
Rusty:::  Go, meet the informant! She goes by the name 'Midnight Goose.'
Meryl:::  Psst. Honk, honk, y'all!
Lincoln::: Hi, Meryl.
Meryl::: Shh! It's Midnight Goose. 
Lincoln::: We've got the names.  Let's roll!
Zach::: Coach Keck! You were a chaperone at the dance last night and claimed to see Rusty throw the stink bomb!
Liam::: But, uh, weren't you across the gym? And, uh, ain't you severely near-sighted?!
Coach Keck::: You betcha! But I saw the whole thing with these new specs.  Right down to Rusty's pearl cufflinks. Yep, never miss a thing now. Like the ball headed at Zach.
Stella::: Paige!  You claim Rusty threw the stink bomb, but are you sure?!
Paige::: Uh, well, I was recording Christina and me working on our 'Ooh Girl' harmonies  And I got this in the background.
Paige's Voice:::  Ooh, ooh, ooh, girl. 
Rusty's Voice:::  Yo, everybody! I'm the one who just threw that epic stink bomb!
Stella::: Pfft. That could be anybody.
Phone::: This is Rusty Spokes, dawwwwgs!
Clyde:::  Admit it, Chandler! You're lying about Rusty.
Lincoln:::  Yeah! Let's see some proof!
Liam::: Oh, it's not looking good for Rusty. But I just know, deep down in my gizzard, he's not guilty!
Rusty:::  Hey, gang. Sorry I'm late. I had all these papers to grade.
Zach::: Um, you know you're not actually a teacher, right?
Rusty::: This little guy begs to differ.  Faculty lounge keys! Been loading up on free sugar packs all dizz-ay!
Stella::: Bad news, Rusty. All the witnesses were actually credible.
Clyde::: Plus, Chandler has a video of what looks like you throwing the stink bomb last night at 7:21.
Rusty::: Guys, that proves I didn't do it! I wasn't in the gym at the time! I ran to Flip's to get more cologne.
Lincoln:::  Flip! He can confirm Rusty's alibi!
Rusty::: I'm waiting!
Zach::: Again. Not a teacher.
Flip::: Flip's got 'no comment' about the skunk meat allegations!
Stella::: No, we're here to-  Skunk meat in what?
Flip::: Taquitos. That'll be 10 bucks. Flip's chargin' to answer questions from reporters now. Nothing's free, chiefs.
Lincoln::: Fine. We've got enough money for one more question.  Flip, was Rusty--
Zach:::  How much are these skunkitos?
Flip::: Five bucks, plus ten for the question.
Zach::: Oops.
Rusty::: Aw, man. I'll never be able to clear my name.
Lincoln::: The Action News Team never quits! We just need a solid clue. Maybe we should go back to the scene of the crime.
Rusty::: I arranged to get us in.  Honk. Honk.
Meryl:::  Honk, honk, y'all. 
Lincoln::: Guys, somebody hid this under the bleachers.  Stink bombs! And these mints.
Rusty::: Ooh, those are from my dad's suit shop! He hand-makes them. They taste like real, artificial mint.
Clyde::: So whoever threw the stink bomb at the dance went to Duds for Dudes...
Stella::: To rent a white suit, like the one Rusty wore, so they could--
Rusty's Friends::: Frame him!
Lincoln::: That means if we check the rental records, we have our culprit!
Rusty::: My dad keeps his records here.
Lincoln::: The truth must be in here somewhere. We just have to find it!
Stella::: I found the suit rental sheet!
Clyde::: Huh. Three guys from school rented white suits for the dance: Chad, Dirk and Jordan!
Chad::: Oh, I couldn't have thrown the stink bomb. I have a super-sensitive nose. Stinky stuff makes me puke. 
Clyde::: Sounds suspicious to me.
Lincoln::: Hmm. I have an idea.
Liam::: Boy! My piggies sure do itch! I tell ya,  plowin' through the onion field with my feetsies got 'em all ripe!
Clyde:::  Oh, gracious me! What will I do with all this tuna fish I left in the sun?
Lincoln::: Huh, I guess Chad wasn't lying about his sensitive nose. One suspect down, two to go.
Dirk::: I was in the gym bathroom when the stink bomb went off. Mr. Bolhofner was showing us how to wrestle a bobcat. It shredded my suit! 
Stella::: Pfft, anything could've done that.
Principal Ramirez:::  Attention, students: Don't forget today's pep rally! Oh, and there's a bobcat on the loose.  Don't just stand there, Bolhofner. Go get it!
Lincoln::: Guys, you know what this means?
Rusty::: Yeah. He's definitely not getting his deposit back.
Lincoln::: No, it means two suspects are cleared. We know who the culprit is!
Liam::: Confess, Boy Jordan, ya snake! You rented a white suit so you could throw the stink bomb at the dance and pin it all on Rusty!
Boy Jordan::: Um, what are you talking about? I didn't rent a suit for the dance. Andrew and I went in cat onesies. 
Clyde::: Rusty's dad must have written it down wrong. Maybe it was another 'J' name. James? Jason? Jackson?
Zach::: Or maybe it wasn't even a 'J' name, which means it could be anybody!
Lincoln:::  I hate to say it, but we failed. I'm really sorry we couldn't clear your name, Rusty.
Rusty::: Thanks for trying, guys. I'll just stay in disguise until the end of middle school. Hopefully, I'll get used to these heels. 
Liam::: Three, two.  One.
Lincoln:::  Today's top news story: Turns out Liam's baby boy calf is actually a girl. When pressed about the error, Liam's Mee-Maw said,  'My bad, y'all. It's hard to tell.'
Stella::: You guys! I know who framed Rusty!  Principal Ramirez, meet us at the lockers immediately! News team, follow me! 
Principal Ramirez::: This better be good. We had just cornered Bolhofner's bobcat.
Rusty:::  Can you keep it down? I'm giving a pop quiz. Hey, what's going on?
Stella::: I know who the actual stink bomb culprit is!  Girl Jordan!
Zach::: Of course! There are two Jordans!
Girl Jordan:::  That's absurd! I didn't do it! 
Lincoln::: Oh, no? Then open your locker.
Girl Jordan::: Fine.
Girl Jordan::: I am as shocked as you are! Who put this in my locker?! That's what you should be investigating right now!  Okay. It was me. I framed Rusty.
Rusty::: But why, Girl Jordan? Why'd you do the Rustman wrong?
Girl Jordan::: Because, I was mad at you.
Girl Jordan::: Rusty and I were home ec partners. It was our final project: Sponge Cake. It was flawless, until... 
Flashback Rusty::: Check out the Rustman's new moves! 
Flashback Girl Jordan:::  Nooo. 
Girl Jordan::: It was the first F I ever got.  I knew I had to get him back!  I rented the same style white suit Rusty wears to every school event. I found a red clown wig.  I even studied his voice.
Flashback Rusty::: And they were like, 'No way you could eat that entire hoagie, dawwwwg! 
Flashback Girl Jordan:::  Dawwwwg.
Girl Jordan::: That's when I knew I was ready.  I'm really sorry. I went way too far.
Rusty::: Aw, I'm sorry about the cake.
Girl Jordan:::  You can go ahead and suspend me, Principal Ramirez.
Rusty::: Do you have to suspend Girl Jordan? Can't we just call it even?
Principal Ramirez::: Okay, I won't suspend her, if you do me one favor and keep teaching. It's just so hard to find good subs these days.
Rusty:::  You got it!  All right, everybody. Back to class, or it's a week's detention!
