Ms. Shrinivas::: Okay, it's almost noon, kids. Please clean up your toys. I have an exciting announcement. Today, you'll be getting your very first report card. 
Kindergarteners:::  Huh?
Lisa:::  Excellent. The first installment of my perfect academic career.  Let's see. An A in Science...  ...an A in writing...  ...an A in Math...
Kindergartner::: One penny...
Flashback Lisa:::  That's four dollars and eleven cents, or approximately four-hundred sixteen Japanese yen. Also, I took the liberty of preparing your tax returns. 
Lisa::: ...an A in Physical Education, an A in Vocabulary, and an F in Social Skills. Perfect.  Uh-wait-what? An F?!  Excuse me, Ms. Shrinivas, there appears to be an error in my academic evaluation. If you could just go ahead and remedy that, I'll be on my merry way.
Ms. Shrinivas::: Actually, Lisa, that's not an error. You got an F because you haven't made a single friend in class yet.
Lisa::: I prefer to see my classmates as co-workers, or occasionally, test subjects.  Look, how can I turn this around? In the future, when I represent Earth in the interplanetary council, it's gonna be acutely embarrassing to have an F on my otherwise perfect academic records.
Ms. Shrinivas::: Tell you what. If you make a friend, I'll raise your grade.
Lisa::: Done.  There. I made one. Behold the FriendBot 1000. It can bring me things I need.  Thank you, FriendBot.  It can also chill juice boxes with its ice vision.
Ms. Shrinivas:::  Uh-uh, Lisa. No robots. Humans only. Preferably a classmate.
Lisa::: Hmm. A real stickler, huh? Very well. I will make a human friend.  However one goes about doing that.
Lily::: Sa-Sa! Sa-Sa!
Lisa::: Not now, youngest sibling.  I am trying to find scientific guidance or the forging of social bonds, street name: friendship.  Unfortunately, nothing in my vast library addresses this topic.
Lincoln::: Hey, buddy.
Clyde::: Hey, pal.
Lisa:::  Hmm...who needs textbooks when I can do field research?
Clyde:::  And, left kick, right stomp-wait, hang on. Oops! Ugh. It goes so fast.
Lincoln::: Don't worry, Clyde. You're looking good.
Lisa:::  Observation number one: friendship seems to require compliments and flattery, whether deserved or not.
Lynn::: Nice snipe.  But you won't be so lucky next time.
Lisa:::  Observation number two: friendship also appears to require engaging in casual sport and/or play.  Whoa!  Oof!
Lori::: Look at this dress I found in the hand-me-downs from Aunt Ruth! 
Leni:::  Wow! It's so outdated, it's back to being trendy again! You're so lucky. I wish I'd found it.
Lori::: Why don't we share it?
Leni:::  Great idea!
Lisa:::  Observation number three: friendship requires the sharing of goods and commodities.
Lynn Sr.::: One, two, three, four!
Lisa:::  Observation number four: friendship requires common interests.
Lynn Sr.::: MAN, WE ARE SO GOOD!
Lisa:::  Also, common delusions.
Lisa:::  Okay, compliments, sports and/or play, sharing and common interests. I'm ready. I shall befriend the first person to walk through the door.  Not Petey Wimple. He eats paste.  Hmm...not Charlotte Yang. She's a biter.  Darcy Helmandollar! She'll do.  Greetings, Darcy. I have observed that your sneakers light up. Though they appear to lack purpose, I would like to compliment you on their whimsy.
Darcy::: Thanks, Lisa. I've always liked your shoes, too. They remind me of my grandpa's. 
Lisa:::  Compliment has been administered. Subject appears to be receptive to pursuing friendship.
Lisa::: Greetings. Would you care to join me in casual sport and/or play?
Darcy::: Sure!  Do you like the seesaw?
Lisa::: Can't say I've heard of it, but, uh, what the heck?
Darcy::: Whee! Isn't this fun?
Lisa:::  The subject's dilated pupils seem to indicate further cementing of friendship.
Darcy::: I gotta tinkle. 
Lisa::: OOF!
Lisa::: Care to share my homemade kelp leather? Full of nutrients, but zero taste, so it goes down smooth.
Darcy:::  Um...okay. Thanks, Lisa.  It's so...chewy. 
Lisa::: Oh! I see we have a common interest in the Giraffa Camelopardalis.
Darcy::: Oh, you mean Rafo. You have a stuffed giraffe, too?
Lisa::: No, but I have a giraffe cerebrum soaking in formaldehyde.
Darcy:::  You use funny words, Lisa.
Mrs. Shrinivas::: Okay, class, it's sharing time! Who wants to start?
Darcy:::  Ooh! Ooh! I have something to share! It's my new friend, Lisa.
Ms. Shrinivas::: Great sharing, Darcy.  And great social skills, Lisa. You just turned that F into an A.
Lisa:::  Now that my academic record is secure, and my seat on the interplanetary council is solidified, I can return to my beloved research.  Have you missed me, electron microscope?
Darcy::: Hi, new friend!
Lisa:::  Oh, uh...  ...right. Greetings, Darcy.
Darcy:::  Are we playing scientist today? You always make it look so fun.
Lisa::: This isn't really playing. It's complex and potentially dangerous research.  Uh...maybe we can engage in play and/or sport later.
Darcy::: Oh. Okay.  I'll save you a spot on the seesaw at recess!
Lisa:::  Slight complication: I failed to consider that the subject might wish to remain friends after I achieved my objective.
Darcy:::  Lisa! Lisa! 
Lisa:::  Although she did help me secure that A.
Darcy::: Hi, giraffe twin. Rafo wants to play. Did you bring your giraffe?
Lisa::: Uh, mine does not travel well. Now, if you don't mind, I do need my REM sleep. I have a lot of short-term memories I need to convert to long-term.  Oh, tell you what? You, Rafo, and I can circle back to that playdate post slumber. Sound like a plan? 
Darcy:::  Naps are boring. Let's play now. Maybe we can wake her up with a...TICKLE FIGHT!
Darcy::: Lisa! My dad packed two cookies today. One for me and one for my new friend.
Lisa::: Oh, that is very generous, but I must decline. Spikes in blood sugar affect my mental acuity. So, just kelp leather for me today.
Darcy::: That's okay. We can still sit together. 
Lisa:::  Uh, actually, if you don't mind, I was hoping to use snack time to brush up on my Mandarin. I have a video conference coming up with my colleagues in Singapore.
Darcy::: Ooh! I have a book too!  Reading twins!  The...cat...s-s-sat...
Lisa::: And now, to add a single drop of the concentrated acid... 
Darcy:::  Hi, friend!  I made you something in craft time. 
Lisa::: What is this bizarre shackle?
Darcy::: A friendship bracelet. I can show you how to make one for me too, and then we can be bracelet twins!
Lisa:::  Darcy, I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to make one of these.
Darcy::: I know it looks hard, but I can help you.
Lisa::: No-no-no-no. See, you're a great kid, but my lifestyle isn't really conducive to having friends. To be perfectly frank, I sought you out to improve my grade in Social Skills. Now that that objective has been achieved, I feel it would be best for both of us if we went our separate ways.  I do appreciate your assistance, though, and if you ever need a reference for another friend, I would be glad to give you a glowing recommendation.  What's wrong? Did some of the concentrated acid get in your eye?
Darcy:::  NO! YOU HURT MY FEELINGS! 
Lisa:::  Oh, dear. Darcy, please don't be despondent.
Ms. Shrinivas::: Girls, what's going on here?
Lisa::: Oh, uh, nothing to worry about, Ms. Shrinivas.
Ms. Shrinivas:::  Darcy, why are you crying?
Darcy:::  Lisa...  ...said she didn't want to be my friend anymore. 
Ms. Shrinivas::: Darcy, why don't you go get Rafo and meet me in my reading chair?
Ms. Shrinivas::: Lisa, why did you say that to Darcy?
Lisa::: Look, Ms. S, I understand that friendship is an academic requirement, but to be honest, I just don't see the point of it.
Ms. Shrinivas::: I'm afraid until you do, I can't give you that A in Social Skills. Now, I'd like you to go sit in time out and think about how you treated Darcy.
Lisa:::  Well, there goes my perfect academic record. What am I gonna tell the other beings on the interplanetary council?  Now I might not even make the council! I might have to be an...  alternate...
Darcy::: Lisa?  I thought you might like this. 
Lisa:::  W-why are you giving this to me?
Darcy::: You looked sad... I wanted to make you feel better.
Lisa::: But, why would you want to make me feel better?
Darcy::: Because that's what friends do for each other.
Lisa:::  Because that's what friends do for each other. Would you excuse me for just one moment?  Research epiphany: I have discovered the point of having friends. Not to check off an academic requirement or to impress a bunch of aliens, but because...  friends make your life better.  Thank you, Darcy.  Care to join me?  Hey, you wanna come over after school and play with my CAT scan machine?
Darcy::: We have a kitty, too!  CAT TWINS!
