Note::: Scenes cut out from certain reruns are highlighted in <font color=red>red</font>.
Police Officer::: Police! Open up!Lincoln:  You're probably wondering, 'What did you guys do now?' Well, to explain, I have to go back a few days.
A FEW DAYS EARLIERLincoln:::  You know us Louds. We're notorious for fighting over everything, which usually leaves us with nothing.Lynn Sr.: Okay, we need some tunes for the ride. What should it be?Luna: Rock!Lori: Love songs!Lynn: The sports station!Lisa: West Coast rap!Rita: If you kids can't decide, your father and I will decide for you.Rita and Lynn Sr.: YEE-HAW!
Lynn Sr.::: Kids! I'm off to the grocery store! Any requests for dinner?
Lisa::: Sardines!Lincoln: Chicken nuggets!Lori: Bean chips!Luan: Banana cream pie!Lana:  Worms! The butcher usually sets some aside for me.Lynn Sr.: If you guys can't decide, I'll decide for ya. Goulash it is!
Lincoln  Time for ARGGH!.Lucy::: You mean Vampires of Melancholia.Lola: You mean Prison Pageants.Lynn: Basketball!Luan: You guys can't be remote-ly serious!  But really, I wanna watch the Circus Channel!Rita: Well, if you kids are going to fight, I'll take the remote. Thank you.Gardening Grandma: Now we just wait... and watch it grow.
Lincoln::: “But then, I discovered that to get what you want in this family, you don't necessarily have to fight.”
Lincoln::: “Uh, Lynn, I usually watch ARGGH! after school.”
Lynn::: “Aw, no problem, Lincoln. Only 6 ½ innings left in this game.”
Lincoln::: “Mom, I usually watch ARGGH! after school!”
Rita::: “I know, Lincoln, but let Lynn watch her game, okay? She has a friend over.”
Lincoln:::  “A friend, do you say?”
Lincoln::: I called my discovery 'Playing the Friend Card'. It means Mom and Dad give you special privileges if you have a friend over.  I'm pretty sure my siblings weren't aware of it, but now I was.
Lori:::  Move it, Lincoln, we're watching the Dream Boat.
Rita:::  Uh, girls, let Lincoln watch ARGGH!, he has a friend over.”
Lynn Sr.:::  Kids, I'm baking cookies! Who wants to lick the beaters?!
Lola:::  Get out of my way, or I'll find you in your cell after lights out!
Lana::: Lola, you really gotta stop watching those prison shows.
Lynn Sr.::: Girls. Lincoln has a friend over, let them have the beaters.
Lynn::: Drop it, Stinkin'. We have dibs.
Rita::: Girls, let Lincoln play. He has a friend over.
Lynn Sr.:::  Dinner is served. 
Luna::: Chicken nuggets? Bogus dude, I asked for bangers and mash.
Lisa::: And I clearly recall requesting sardines. I'm low on my Omega-3s.
Lynn Sr.::: Well, Lincoln has a friend over so Clyde got to pick tonight's dinner.
Lincoln:::  And I suggested chicken nuggets.
Clyde:::  And I said that was a great idea.
Lisa::: I call this emergency sibling meeting to order. Something stinks in this household, and I'm not referring to our collective chicken nugget breath.  According to my calculations, there is a direct correlation between the amount of time Clyde has been over, and the number of privileges accrued by Lincoln. Someone who fancies himself a wit might call this Playing the Friend Card.
Lola::: I got this! During guard change, I'll sneak up on him in the shower!
Lisa::: Um, sister, that won't be necessary. I have another plan.
Lincoln::: I can't wait to watch ARGGH.
Clyde::: Me too, I hope Hunter can escape from that haunted porta potty.
Lola:::  You boys wanna join me and Roxanne for Prison Pageants?
Lincoln:::  Moooooom! Lola's watching TV, but Clyde and I are supposed to be watching ARGGH!
Rita::: Sorry, honey. Let Lola watch her show, she has a friend over.
Lincoln::: But I have a friend over, too!
Rita::: True, but Lola got to the TV first.
Lincoln::: We may not get the TV, but at least we can have some cookies.
Luna:::  All out, brah. Dad said Sam and I had first dibs.
Lincoln::: We may not have the TV or the cookies, but at least we can choose lunch.  Hey Dad, Clyde said he would lover franks and beans today.
Clyde::: Well, Lincoln suggested it, but I agreed.
Lynn Sr.::: Sorry, guys.  Lunch is already made.
Lucy:::  Yeah, my friend Haiku is staying for lunch and requested blood sausage.
Clyde::: Friend? I don't see a-
Lincoln::: Okay, we may not have the TV, or cookies, or the lunch we want, but we can still play badminton.
Lori:::  Sorry Lincoln, Whitney and I have the court.  I'm on to you, Buster, and in case you thought you were getting any other privileges today everyone else is on to you, too.
Lynn Sr.::: Yikes, that's a lot of kids, You wanna hide at the mall for a few hours?
Rita::: Do I? It'll be quieter and less crowded.
Lincoln:::  My sisters had discovered the Friend Card, but they forgot that Lincoln Loud is the Man with the Plan. So, I just came up with a way to outsmart them.
Lynn:::  Woo-Woo! Double header time!
Lincoln:::  We'll be watching ARRGH!, thanks.
Lynn:::  In your dreams. I have a friend over so, uh-
Lincoln::: Yes. You have one friend over.  But I have two.  And two is greater than one.
Lynn::: Guess what, Lincoln, I can do math, too, and three is greater than two.
Luna:::  Hey! Sam and I had dibs on that popcorn.
Lynn::: Gee, sorry Luna.  But I got three friends over,  and three beats one
Luna:::  Dude! I thought we were on the same side!
Lynn::: Yeah, well Lincoln brought in two friends so I did what I had to do.
Luna::: Well, fine, I can call my friends too.  Operator, can you help me place this call?
Luna:::  Dude, mind if we cut in?
Leni::: But Becky and I are playing-
Luna::: Nah, totally dude. I get that. It's just that, you have one friend over,  and I have four.
Leni::: Can you please pass the remote, Lynn? It's time for my 'fashion show' show.
Lynn:::  I have three friends over, so I get the TV. Thank you.
Leni::: Three? Oh, that's so cute. I have five.  Wait...  Yeah, five. 
Lori::: Excuse me, Leni, my friends and I have to watch our dating advice show.
Leni::: Sorry, Lori. I have five friends over and--
Lori::: Oh, only five?  I'll save you the trouble-- there are six of them. Remote, please!
Lisa::: Pardon the intrusion, eldest sibling. But it's time for the congressional hearings.
Lori::: But Lisa--
Lisa::: Lucky seven, baby. Count' em!
Lola:::  Move it, Lisa! My eight friends and I want to watch Prison Pageants.
Lucy:::  Sorry, Lola, but my nine friends and I would like to watch Vampires of Melancholia.
Luna:::  Hit the road, Jack. My ten friends and I have a concert to watch!
Luan:::  Everyone nose...  ...that 11 is more than 10! And we have a comedy special to watch!
Lori::: You guys, this is literally out of control. Lana, did you really have to invite twelve of your muddy friends over?
Lana::: Don't bark at me, Lincoln invited thirteen randos over from the arcade.  I bet you don't even know all their names.
Lincoln::: I do too, there's Jeff, or is it Josh?
Lisa::: By my calculations,  with this many people in the house, we could be approaching a threat level of, Stampeding T-Rex.
Friend 1::: Hey, I was watching that!
Friend 2::: Too bad!
Friend 3::: No! Too bad for you!
Friend 4::: Give me the remote, I wanna watch the sports channel!
Lisa::: Uh-oh, make that Erupting Volcano!
Lori::: That's just great, Lincoln. Those complete strangers you invited into our home, just started a fight.
Lincoln:::  Jim would never do that, it was probably Lola's pageant group, they looked vicious.
Lola:::  My money is on Lynn's meat head jock friends.
Police Officer:::  Police! Open up!
Lincoln:::  And now you're caught up.
Police Officer::: Okay, kids, break it up! Party's over.
Lori:::  Wait, Leni!  You don't leave, you live here.
Leni:::  Oh, right!
Rita:::  What is going on here?! Why are there 65 kids walking out of our house?!
Police Officer::: Are you the parents?
Police Officer::: I'm afraid you've got a two-hundred dollar ticket for noise violation.  Try to keep your kids under control<font color=red>, this is a nice neighborhood</font>.
Lynn Sr.:::  Anyone care to explain?
Lincoln:::  I will, I've got the story down pretty well by now.  ...and now you're caught up.
Rita::: Well, you guys are going to have to use your allowances to pay for this ticket.
Lynn Sr.::: And I hope you've learned your lesson.
Luan::: Definitely, we're done playing the friend card, in fact, we fold. 
Lana::: Guys, from now on why don't we just take turns on choosing what show to watch, and who gets to lick the beaters, and junk?
Luna::: Pretty sweet idea. We can start with dinner tonight.
Lincoln::: Lori, you're the oldest, why don't you go first?
Lori::: Ooh, okay. I think we should have-
Rita::: Um, sorry honey, tonight's dinner has already been set. We’re having goulash. 
Lucy::: Goulash? Why?
Lynn Sr.::: Well,  we're having friends over.
