Lucy::: ​Fangs, pass the blood sausage.  Thank you, Fangs.
The Rest of the Club::: Shh!
Edwin::: Our breed is dying, Tristan. We must continue to transform mortals, or face our greatest fear.
Tristan::: Fewer dungeon parties?
Edwin::: No, dense nephew. Extinction.
Lucy::: That was deeply, deeply disturbing. I give it two severed thumbs up.
Haiku::: Sigh. Now we must wait eons for the next season.
Morpheus::: Oh, such agony, which normally I love, but not right now.
Lucy::: Look, a light's on in our favourite creepy house.
Dante::: Hm, looks like someone moved in.
Lucy::: They never stay long. The last renters ran screaming after five minutes, probably because of the…
Dante::: Demon infestation.
Morpheus::: Property taxes.
Persephone::: Clearly, they didn't appreciate its charm.
Boris::: Oh, let's go examine the fresh meat.  I'm a bat…
Lucy::: You'll get there someday, Boris.
Lucy::: Look, over there.
Boris::: Oh my. He must hate mirrors.
Persephone::: Or he doesn't conform to societal standards of beauty.
Mortician's Club::: Huh?
Dante:::  Whoa! That's a lot of extra bloody steaks.
Morpheus:::  Look, empty bottles of coffin polish.  And this is the good stuff.
Haiku:::  For that eternal shine.
Lucy::: You guys, he's moving at night. He threw out his mirrors. He ordered bloody steaks. He has coffin polish. This guy is a vampire.
Persephone, Haiku, Morpheus & Dante:::  Gasp!
Lucy::: Do you know what this means? He could turn us into the undead.
Persephone, Haiku, Morpheus & Dante::: Gasp!
Morpheus::: Our lifelong dream.
Lucy::: Just think, one bite from him and we'll never have to wait for another season of Vampires of Melancholia--cause we'll be living it. We can be just like Edwin forever.
Lynn Sr::: Some for you.  And for you.  A lot for you.  And some fresh O neg for Count Lucilla.
Lincoln:::  Garlic bread, Lucy?
Lucy::: Hiss!
Lincoln::: Oh, yeah. Forgot the no garlic thing.
Rita::: Family picture time.  Oops, forgot Lucy doesn't show up.
Boris::: Let's do this. Boris wants eternal life and unbridled power.
Lucy::: Me too, Boris, but we can't just go up and ask him.
Morpheus::: Lucy's right. That never works on Vampires of Melancholia. It's way too desperate.
Lucy::: We just have to play it cool and get him to notice us. Let's come back tomorrow. That'll give him time to settle in.
Dante::: And that'll give us time to come up with our vampire names. I'm going to be Count Vein Sucker.
Haiku:::  Uh, not cool, Dante. You know I called dibs on that in second grade.
Lucy::: No signs of life.
Boris:::  Can we go over the plan again? Boris is a big bundle of nerves.
Lucy::: We're just going to casually run into him. And once he sees us in full goth mode, I'm sure he'll give us eternal life in no time.
Morpheus::: To be sinfully glorious.
Dante::: Where's he going? It's not night yet. He'll burn in the sunlight.
Persephone::: He must be a daywalker. So rare.
Lucy::: Come on, let's follow him.
Lucy::: He's headed inside the mall.  There he is. Time to get his attention.
Sir Spooky::: Huh?
Lucy::: Oh dear, my neck is so sore, and this vein  is really throbbing.
Sir Spooky::: Uh, huh?
Dante::: Why is he talking to her?
Haiku:::  And what did she just sign? She didn't even sign it in blood!
Morpheus::: Speaking of blood, maybe this will get his attention.
Dante:::  Ahh! You got ketchup under my contact lens! It's burning my ocular nerve!
Morpheus::: Do you want eternal life or not?
Weightlifter:::  Heh, that's cool. I always thought I'd make a  great vampire.
Lucy::: Gasp! Did you guys hear that? He's signing those people up to become vampires!
Dante:::  Look, he's going into the arcade! At least, I think so, my eye is still on fire.
Lucy::: Perfect, I have an idea that'll definitely get us on his clipboard.
Boris::: Wow, Boris's veins can barely contain all this pumping blood.
Lucy::: Those polo-wearing pizza munchers? Why they're positively preppy!
Morpheus::: Yeah, I don't get it! Their blood wasn't pumping and they're total normies.
Lucy::: He signed up half the mall to be vampires, but gave us the cold shoulder?
The Morticians' Club::: Huh?
Boris::: Ahh, curfew for Boris. If I miss it, mother will never let me become a vampire.
Lucy::: Let's meet at the house tomorrow and try to get his attention again.
Dante::: What's with all the cars?
Lucy::: We were right. They were all turned into vampires last night!  Gasp. Mrs. Bernardo?  Mrs. Bernardo, you've been gifted eternal life and power, haven't you?
Dante::: One thing's for sure, he has terrible taste. He's building an army of the really basic undead.
Lucy::: Wait, Morpheus, that's it! This guy must think we're already vamps! Cause we're so goth. I know what we need to do; we need to go normie.
Lucy::: Ok everyone, it's time to walk the normie walk, and talk the normie talk.
Persephone::: Lemonade, get your lemonade.
Sir Spooky::: Huh?
Dante:::  Uh, just two children full of blood, selling lemonade for a marginal profit!
Dante::: Ahh! My other eye!
Lucy::: Drat! He didn't go for it!
Morpheus::: Here friends! Enjoy this carnivore's delight!  I also have potato salad and coleslaw.
Boris::: Mmm, Boris loves a good BBQ y'all!
Lucy:::  Let's crank this up a notch!  Here he comes! Water vessel fight!
Morpheus::: Whee!
Persephone::: Laugh laugh, us normal kids love water based frolicking!
Morpheus:::  Oh, come on! We pulled out all the stops! I even drank a pumpkin spice flavored beverage and he still doesn't want us! What in the underworld can we do to become vampires?!
Haiku:::  Maybe we should just give up.
Persephone:::  Our dream is dead.
Lucy::: No. If anyone deserves to be vampires, it's us. I know they don't do this on Vampires of Melancholia, but I say we just make him turn us.
Morpheus::: So wait, we can ditch these absurd breathable garments?  Oh thank goth.
Haiku::: Listen to all those people! He must be inside turning more vampires!
Lucy::: Well, we're next! Future Vampires, descend!
Boris::: There he is!
Dante::: Bite us! Turn us into vampires!
Morpheus::: We beg thee!
Director:::  CUT!  Can you get off my casting director please?
Lucy::: But he's a vampire!
Assistant Director::: Ok, I know I'm pale and I work for Vampires of Melancholia...  ...but can you spare me the wisecracks?
Lucy::: Wait a minute, you guys are filming 'Vampires of Melancholia'?
Mrs. Bernardo::: Yes, and you kids are ruining my big break! Confused Vampire Number 7 is the role of a lifetime!
Lucy::: Mrs. Bernardo? Why didn't you just tell us what you were doing yesterday?
Mrs. Bernardo:::  A good actor never breaks character! Uhh, I mean, uhh, 
Assistant Director::: Ok, that's enough, it's time for you meddling brats to go. You're in the shot!
Lucy::: Sigh.
Director::: Wait! 
Boris and Morpheus::: Huh?
Director::: These kids are the gloomiest, creepiest, weirdest creatures I've ever seen!  Even their grandpa is creepy!
Boris::: Boris is only 9, but still very flattered.
Director::: They'd be great for the season premiere. They're obviously real goths and not just a bunch of randos from the mall.
Lucy::: Wow. Could this possibly get any better?
Edwin::: This black cherry juice is simply smashing. Top notch.
The Mortician's Club::: Edwin!
Edwin::: Oh, cheerio, spooky children!
Haiku::: He called us spooky.
Edwin::: Watch the shoes, please.
Assistant Director:::  Scene forty, take one
Edwin:::  Rescued from your mortal state, my creatures of the night. Rise, and embrace your newfound vampire power!
Dante::: Oh, huh, hiiss!
Edwin::: My minions, have you shed your earthly attachments?
The Mortician's Club::: Our human life is no more!
Tristan::: Yo, and you dudes are gonna love the no bedtime thing.
Tristan::: Thanks for helping us, like, not go extinct.
Lucy::: It was our displeasure.
