Albert::: And that's why you never mix radium and terbium. The end.
Lisa:::  I love a happy ending.
Albert:::  Me too. Oh, how's your project going? Your mom said you had a big break through.
Lisa::: Indeed I have, if my work continues to progress this pace, human teleportation should be a reality, in seventy-three years.
Albert::: That's fantastic, kiddo, I'm sure sorry I won't be around to see that, but, I know you can do it. Now, where's my Lisa hug?  Night, sweetie.
Lisa::: Won't be around to see that? But, I'd already penciled him in to be my plus one for the Nobel prize reception. I need to make sure Pop-Pop will still be around in seventy-three years,  and our friend science will help.  I better put on a pot of cocoa, this could be a late one.
Lisa:::  Eureka.  Look here, Lily, there's a village in Italy whose residents live well into their hundreds.  This woman is a hundred and twenty-six years old.  I know.  Oh, I see, you just want your pacifier, but if you understood, you would be impressed.  Now all I need to do is apply the basic principals of their healthy Italian lifestyle to Pop-Pop.
Albert::: What do you wanna do, Lis? Eat soft pretzels? Catch a movie?
Lisa::: I had something else in mind, a nice brisk walk.
Albert::: Oh, okay sure.
Lisa::: See, I've been doing some research on increasing human lifespan and, thought we could make some modifications to your lifestyle.
Albert::: Well, I suppose a nice stroll never hurt anyone.
Lisa::: Precisely. Now, if you'll just put this around your wrist.  It's a heart monitor. No point in a brisk walk if we aren't elevating the heart rate, now is there?
Albert::: Alright, kiddo, you set the pace.
Mall Mom::: Are you ready, Ryker?
Bernie::: Ooh... Look at that!
Myrtle::: This is even juicier than that Kobe beef I had in Kyoto.
Scoots::: And these potatoes taste like they've been kissed by angels. 
Albert::: I think I got someone else's order.
Lisa::: Nope! That raw fish is for you. I've made arrangements with the chef for you to get special meals from now on.
Albert:::  Oh.  Is this part of my new, lifestyle?
Lisa::: Indeed. This nutrient dense meal is sure to increase your lifespan. You'll be having it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Albert::: Lis', sweetie, can we turn down the thermostat? I'm boiling like a lobster.
Lisa::: Awe, try to hang in there. My research shows that exposure to extreme heat followed by extreme cold will help rejuvenate your cells.
Albert::: Uh, what's this extreme cold you're talking about?
Bernie::: Oh, forget this.
Scoots:::  You're weak, Bernie!  Weak!
Albert::: I'm not so sure about this, Lis.
Lisa:::  Please, Pop-Pop? It's necessary.
Albert:::  Hot diggity dog!  Okay, I'm good.
Lisa::: Nah-ah, thirty minutes.
Bernie:::  You-u-u get u-u-used to it.
Lisa::: Okey-doke, this is all the info you need for your new lifestyle.  Please, stick to this guide.
Albert::: I'll do my best, kiddo. Now, where's my Lisa hug?
Lisa::: Ha! Mission accomplished.
Leni::: Here we are, Lis. Ready to hit the sales?
Lisa::: Mmm, no thank you. I'm not here to buy, I am here to spy.  Looks like Pop-Pop's doing well. He's even gotten some other seniors on board with his new regimen.  Wait up, Pop-Pop.  Oh, uh, never mind.  My apologies.
Bernie::: Al, hurry up. The bus is leaving.
Albert::: Hang on, my top coat's still wet.
Lisa::: That wasn't the brisk exercise I prescribed. Guess I'm going to have to keep a close eye on him, but I'm going to need a disguise. Hmm. 
Albert:::  Mmm, mmm, mmm, oh yeah.
Lisa::: At least he's sticking to the cold pool.
Albert::: Cannonball!
Lisa::: Hey, it's warmer than bath water.
Albert::: Now watch out I'm a shark.
Lisa:::  I suppose it is only human nature to resist change, but there must be some way to prolong Pop-Pop's life without requiring him to put in so much effort.
Lisa::: Behold, youngest sibling. My new improved method to elongate Pop-Pop's life.
Lily::: Heh?
Lisa::: Well, it's quite simple really. These sensors will regulate his temperature, improve his muscle tone, and much more... As long as he wears them, he's guaranteed to live a long life.  But I suppose the whole thing is a bit of an eyesore. Good thing I have Leni to turn to for fashion help.
Lisa::: No need to hide the evidence of your frozen delicacy, Pop-Pop. I've made some adjustments to my plan and you'll no longer be restricted to the raw fish diet.
Albert:::  Glad to hear it. What's with the change of heart, kiddo?
Lisa::: I realized that the regimen was too taxing, so I came up with an alternative.  Inside are sensors that will extend your lifespan without requiring any changes to your daily behavior.
Albert::: So I can go back to living my life the way it was before?
Lisa::: As long as you're wearing the suit.
Albert::: You got a deal!
Lisa::: Target on the left, Pop-Pop!
Albert::: I see him.  Boom!
Seymour::: Dang, Al! great suit, you're sure looking fly.
Albert:::  Thanks. My granddaughter's made it for me.
Bernie::: We're just on our way to the pharmacy for some gossip and lotto tickets. Wanna join?
Albert::: Sure, that sounds-
Lisa:::  Nah-ah-ah! Not so fast. Your suit's battery power is low. Come on, I set up a charging station in your room.  Excuse us, gentlemen.
Albert::: So, how long do I have to sit in this thing?
Lisa::: The suit needs to charge for three hours.
Albert::: Guess I better wet my whistle first.
Lisa::: Nah! You must remain perfectly still. The sensors cannot disengage from the charger.
Albert:::  Got it. Ha, sure hope this thing doesn't need to be charged often.
Lisa::: Just five times a day.
Lisa:::  Fantastic, the suit is all charged up.  What should we do now, Pop-Pop?
Albert::: Uh, ooh, how about we play some shuffleboard with my buds?
Lisa::: Oh, sorry, Pop-Pop. We can't go outside, the rays from the sun could damage the sensors in the suit.
Albert:::  Guess I'll just play shuffleboard at night from now on.
Lisa::: Well, as long as there's no moon out. Obviously, moonlight is just sunlight reflected off the moon.  Ooh, actually, I should probably head home for dinner.
Albert::: Wait, where's my big Lisa hug?
Lisa::: Yah! No! You can't touch anyone.
Albert::: What?!
Lisa::: The oils from human skin could damage the sensors. From now on, you'll need to refrain from all physical contact.
Albert:::  So no more Lisa hugs?  No more high fives with Seymour?  No more dancing with Myrtle?  Lis, we need to have a talk.  Thank you for making this suit, it's a super swell idea, but, I don't think I can wear it anymore.
Lisa::: What? Why?
Albert::: Well, it's sweet you want me to live a long life, but, I wanna be able to play shuffleboard in the sun, and eat crispy potatoes everyday. And a life without Lisa hugs? well that's no life at all.
Lisa::: Hmm, I see. So you're saying... What's the extra time good for if you won't get to enjoy it?
Albert::: Exactly! Besides, I still got lots of great years ahead of me, and spending time with my grandkids is the part I look forward to the most.
Lisa::: Awe, I'm looking forward to that too. Lisa hug?
Suit:::  Physical contact detected.
Lisa::: You know, I still have a little time before dinner. What's say we ditch the suit and hit the shuffleboard court?
Albert::: I'd love that.
Bernie:::  Hey Al, wanna take a shot?
Albert::: Yes, I do.
Seymour::: Nooo!
Albert::: Ha ha! Yeah!  Glad I can still cut a rug with my sweetheart. 
Lisa:::  Hey, Pop-Pop. Can I ask you to do one thing?
Albert::: Sure.
Lisa::: Just keep being you.
Albert::: Don't have to ask me twice.  Now who wants to play another round?
Scoots::: Whoo-hoo! Scoots is gonna live forever!
