Carlos:::  Dah!
Carlota:::  Abuela! Can you hold off vacuuming for a few minutes?  I'm doing a live makeup tutorial!
Rosa:::  No problem, mija!  I have to dust anyway.
Carlota:::  Bobby!
Bobby:::  What's wrong with her?
Frida:::  I'm so excited, mi amor! A very hip gallery owner wants to display my art installation next week!
Carlos::: I'm so proud of you.
Hector::: What will the art installation be?
Frida::: I want it to be a surprise, but I will say that Carlos is going to be an essential part of it.
Carlos::: Just don't make me a human bird feeder again, por favor.
Frida::: Don't worry mi amor, this installation is more up your alley.
Ronnie Anne:::  Excuse me!  Who is responsible for this? 
Carlos::: Ooh, well, the skateboard was popularized by a man named Larry Stevenson, who wanted to design--
Ronnie Anne::: I mean, who's responsible for this huge scratch? Abuela, did you use my board to move the fridge again?
Rosa::: No, no, no. I don't need it anymore.  I've been working out!
Ronnie Anne:::  Uh, okay. I gotta find out who did this!
Carlota::: Come back here, Lalo! We're not done with the tutorial!
Ronnie Anne::: What was that?  Who's there?  My board is gone!  Hey! Get back here!  A Musky Toe Scrape? A Cucaracha Nose Dive?  Oh man, a Half-Back-Slip-Slap Nosy Bunk?  All right, shred time's over, thief!
Ronnie Anne::: Tío Carlos?! You're the one using my skateboard?
Carlos::: I'm so sorry, Ronnie Anne, ever since you moved in, I've gotten the itch to ride again.
Ronnie Anne::: But you? A skateboarder? No offense, but how?
Carlos::: It all started in college when I discovered that skateboarding was the most efficient method of getting around campus.
Young Frida:::  Que guapo.
Five Students::: Carlos X!  Carlos X!
Ronnie Anne:::  Wow, Carlos X? This is really you?
Carlos::: Well, it was. But then Frida and I had kids and she worried that I'd get hurt. She made me promise to quit skateboarding forever. Which is why I should probably stop now.
Ronnie Anne::: But you can't. Not before teaching me some of your tricks.
Carlos:::  I don't know, Ronnie Anne.
Ronnie Anne::: Please? Just for a little while?
Carlos::: Okay, but we have to be careful. Frida can't find out.
Ronnie Anne::: Deal! Same time tomorrow? I've got a spare board you can borrow.
Carlos::: Oh, that would be most gnarly!
Ronnie Anne::: We gotta update your slang.
Carlos::: Baby monitor and camera, to keep tabs on Frida.
Carlos::: Okay, all good.
Ronnie Anne::: Great. Can you show me the trick you did in this video? It was really cool. 
Carlos::: Oh yes, the Willy Foot rail slide. Now, the key to this trick is simple physics.
Ronnie Anne::: Yes! Woo-hoo!
Carlos::: That was sick and tight. Did I say that right?
Frida:::  Ugh, mi amor...  I can't sleep with you drooling on my neck.
Carlos::: Ay, Frida's up! We gotta get back!
Ronnie Anne::: Good luck!
Ronnie Anne::: If you keep yawning all day, Tia Frida's going to know something's up.
Carlos::: I'm just not used to being up that late.  I'm so tired.
Ronnie Anne:::  I can tell, you're putting a diaper on the skateboard.
Frida:::  Now where did I put my keys?
Ronnie Anne::: Tia Frida's coming, I have an idea.
Frida:::  Morning, familia! Everything's good?
Frida::: Well, I'm off to meet the gallery owner.
Carlos::: Adiós, good luck!
Ronnie Anne::: So, same time tonight?
Carlos:::  Oh, I don't know. It's pretty dangerous, and Lalo almost blew our cover last night.
Ronnie Anne::: Aww, could you just teach me one more trick?
Carlos::: Okay, one last trick and that's it.
Carlos::: Now remember, the key is to pass each other at our highest vertical points, and quickly swap the boards.
Ronnie Anne::: That was amazing.
Carlos:::  Whoo, I'm just glad we pulled it off, because honestly,  If there was ever a time I was gonna get injured, it was doing that trick.
Ronnie Anne::: Tío Carlos! Are you okay?!
Carlos:::  I think so-  Upon further analysis;  I'm not okay. Oh! Frida's gonna kill me.
Ronnie Anne::: No she won't, I'll find a way to hide your injury, I promise.  Now hop on.
Carlos::: Wow, you're a real pro.
Ronnie Anne::: I learned how to do this watching my mom at work. Okay, how's that?
Carlos:::  Feels pretty good, but Frida's definitely going to know I'm hurt with all this bandaging.
Ronnie Anne::: Already thought of that,  boots from Carlota's closet.
Carl::: Papa, what happened?  Are you turning into bigfoot?  Will that happen to me?!  I hope so!
Carlos::: I'm just trying out some new boots.
Frida::: They don't really go with your sweater vest.
Ronnie Anne::: No, no, this is the look now.
Carlos:::  Yes, all the professors are wearing them.
CJ::: Piggy back ride!
Ronnie Anne::: Don't worry CJ, I can give you a piggy back ride. 
Carl::: Ooh! I want one too.
Frida::: Don't forget that my art installation is tonight.
Carlos::: Can I get a hint about what I'll be doing in it.
Frida:::  You'll see tonight, mi amor. 
Carlos::: Uh, oh well, maybe it'll be like last installation, where she had me sleep on a cloud of marshmallows.
Ronnie Anne::: Yeah, it might not be so bad.
Frida:::  I'd like to thank you all for coming, and also thank Romeo, the gallery owner.  For the opportunity to show you all...  this!
Ronnie Anne::: That's no comfy marshmallow cloud.
Frida::: Mi esposo, will now jump on this trampoline calculator, to solve equations! It's a statement, that education should be as fun for everyone,  as it is for my love!
Carlota::: So creative.
Rosa::: How does she come up with this stuff?
Hector:::  I don't get it.
Frida::: First equation; One plus seven minus two!
Romeo:::  Where do I know him from? He looks so familiar.
Frida::: Second equation: Nine times seven divided by three.
Hector:::  I still don't get it. Do we clap now?
Frida::: Mi amor! Are you okay?  Wait, why is your foot bandaged up?
Ronnie Anne::: Uh, everyone's wearing bandages under their boots, this is the look now.
Carlos:::  I can explain everything, I've been skateboarding again, it was all harmless until, well, it wasn't.
CJ::: Dad, you skateboard?
Carlota:::  In my boots?
Carl::: Does this mean I won't turn into bigfoot?!
Frida:::  Carlos! How could you do this?! You promised me that you would never skateboard again, nunca!  Nunca! 
Carlos:::  I know, I'm sorry about everything.
Ronnie Anne:::  If anyone is to blame it's me, when I found out that he was Carlos X, I begged him to sneak out at night and teach me his tricks, he wanted to stop, but I wouldn't let him.
Carlos::: No, no, it was my fault too.
Romeo::: I can't believe this.
Frida::: I'm so sorry, I'll pay for any damages we caused.
Romeo::: What? No, no, no, chika, I mean; I can't believe Carlos X is in my gallery.  Ha, I knew you looked familiar, I was a huge fan of yours back in the day. 
Carlos:::  Oh, wow.
Romeo::: Amo loso! It's so great to finally meet you mi hermano.
Ronnie Anne::: Well since you're such a big fan of Carlos X, maybe you could give Frida X another chance at her installation.
Romeo::: Well, I did admire your creativity.  I'll give her another chance, under one condition.
Ronnie Anne:::  What is it?
Frida::: Muchas gracias todos, thank you for coming, again, and a special thanks to Romeo for this opportunity to show my latest installation, which I call... 'Ode to X' 
Carlos:::  Remember what we practiced!
Romeo:::  Oh yeah man, Oh I can't believe I get to skate for Carlos X!
Hector:::  Ah, I get it now.
Romeo:::  Tubular!
