Ronnie Anne::: Hey, Tía Frida, are you okay?
Frida:::  I'm fine, I just get emotional whenever I watch Camila.
Distraught Wife::: We used to be in love, but now all we do is bicker.
Sergio::: Like me and Priscilla! She says I have a shopping addiction.
Camila:::  Aye, mis corazones. When we come back, it's makeup or breakup time.
Audience::: Break up! Break up! Break up!
Camila::: Is your relationship in trouble?  Look for these warning signs; excessive bickering.
Rosa::: Hector! Why are you eating again? We're about to have dinner.
Hector::: This is an appetizer.
Camila::: Passive-aggressive vacuuming.
Rosa:::  Aye! You're making a mess.
Hector::: Awe.
Camila::: And the last most important sign, Sleeping on the couch.
Rosa::: Everyone off the couch, I have to make the bed for Hector.
Camila::: If this sounds familiar don't lose hope, call the Camila helpline now.
Ronnie Anne::: Guys, we have a situation. I think Abuelo and Abuela's relationship is in trouble.
Carlota::: Pshh, please.
Carl::: Yeah, they've been married for like a billion years.
Ronnie Anne::: But all the warning signs are there. I don't wanna take any chances, there's gotta be something we can do to rekindle their romance.
Carlota:::  Ooh, why don't we just get them to do sweet, thoughtful things for each other.
Ronnie Anne::: Perfect.
Sergio:::  One-thousand-three, one-thousand-four.  Camila says couples that stay fit, stay together.  Gah! Spot, spot.
Hector::: Roberto, I'm off to run errands, then my four p.m. nap.
Carlota::: While you're out, maybe you can pick up some flowers for Abuela.
Hector::: Hombre, even if I did have time, why should I pay top dollar for something that'll wilt and die?
Ronnie Anne::: So your marriage doesn't wilt and-
Carlota::: Good point, Abuelo, maybe you have time to write her a song.
Hector::: I already wrote her one.  🎵 Oh mi amor! Please stop your nagging. 🎵
Ronnie Anne::: Hi Abuela.
Carlota::: Abuelo was just bragging about your mole.  Right?
Ronnie Anne::: Totally. Hey, maybe you could cook it for him tonight.
Rosa::: Mole takes hours, and I have to finish unclogging the drain in apartment 4D. Those girls have so much hair. I'll see you kids' when I get back. 
Carlota::: This isn't working, they're too busy for romantic gestures.
Ronnie Anne::: Then we're going to have to unclog their schedules.
Ronnie Anne::: Hey Abuela, take a break, we can do your chores.  We'll take care of that for you too Abuelo.
Hector and Rosa:::  Really?
Ronnie Anne:::  Now you kids go do something fun, or romantic, like a picnic in the park, or a carriage ride. 
Rosa::: Gracias Mija. Hector, I'll be at the hardware store.
Hector::: Adiós, I'm gonna sit in the massage chair at the mall.
Carlota::: Okay, what just happened?
Ronnie Anne::: They'll never rekindle their romance if they don't spend time together.
Camila::: Do you and your loved one never spend time together? Call Camila now.
Ronnie Anne:::  I've got it. Why don't we set them up on a surprise date?
Carl::: Lame! I have a better idea, I'll dress up as an evil ninja and pretend to rob the mercado.  Then Abuelo will have to save Abuela and she'll be all… Oh Hector so brave. 
Carlota::: Okay, that's a terrible idea.
Ronnie Anne::: You do know that's the dirty laundry, right?
CJ::: Abuela, someone has a crush on you. 
Rosa::: Ooh, que lindas flores.  Please join me for a fancy dinner at 6 pm in the secret room. Love Hector  Que romántico, I better get ready, help yourselves to dinner. 
Ronnie Anne::: Quick! Pack up the food and get down there. Move! Move! Move!  Hey Abuelo.  We can take care of that, you have to get ready.
Carlota::: Yeah, Abuela spent all day making you a romantic dinner.
Hector::: Really? It's about time.
Carlota::: We just need to spiff you up a bit.
Hector::: I'm coming mi corazon de melón.
Ronnie Anne::: This place looks amazing Carlota.
CJ:::  They're coming! They're coming! We need to hide.
Hector::: Hola, señorita bonita.
Rosa::: Que guapo.
Hector::: Smells delicioso.
Rosa::: Si, almost as good as mine.
Hector::: It should, you cooked it.
Rosa::: Awe, it's the song from our wedding.
Hector::: It takes me back, you haven't aged a day mi flora.
Carlota::: Awe.
Ronnie Anne::: It's working.
Hector::: A toast, to the love of my life and the best years-
Carl::: Freeze! This is a robbery!  Give me all your dinero and nobody gets karate-chopped!
Rosa::: Hector!  That's right! Keep running!  Thanks for saving me, mi amor.
Hector::: Saving you? I was making sure the food was okay.  Rosa, come on. 
Ronnie Anne:::  I'm gonna kick Carl's butt! He ruined our plan.
Carlota::: What now? We tried everything.
CJ::: It's hopeless.
Camile::: Don't lose hope. Call now. Aye! What are you doing? Call already!
Ronnie Anne::: Wait. Why didn't I think of this before? There's one person who can save Abuelo and Abuela's marriage… Camila!
Rosa::: I can't wait to see your school play, Mija.
Hector::: Me too. But, why isn't it at your school?
Ronnie Anne::: Oh, uh, they wanted to mix it up.
Assistant:::  Mr. and Mrs. Casagrande to makeup.  Can we do something about this glare? And let's put Mama Grande's face on.
Rosa:::  Aye, what happening?
Ronnie Anne::: Oh… Uh… The play involves audience participation.
Sergio:::  Good thing I'm camera ready.
Ronnie Anne::: Sergio! What are you doing here?!
Sergio:::  Need to meet Camila, hear she helps birds.
Ronnie Anne::: You're gonna blow our cover! Priscilla will have to wait.  Sounds like the play's starting. Time to go to your seats. 
Rosa::: This song sounds familiar.
Hector::: Isn't this the stage?
Ronnie Anne::: Your seats are on the stage. Best seats in the house.
Camila::: Hola mis corazones!  We're about to meet a couple struggling to save their decades-old marriage.  Please welcome, the Casagrandes, a couple whose marriage is on the rocks.
Frida:::  Oh, NOOOOO! 
Camila::: So tell me, when did it all go wrong?
Hector::: Is this the play? Who is nosy metiche?
Rosa::: She's Camila. Do you live under a rock?
Camila::: Rosa, I'm hearing anger from you. Is that right?
Rosa:::  That's just my voice.
Camila::: Is it? Or are you upset at Hector, for letting himself go? Spending all day in his underwear.
Carlota:::  You told her that?
Ronnie Anne::: I just filled out the questionnaire they sent.
Hector::: Those were shorts. That she shrunk!
Rosa::: They didn't shrink. You got bigger!  He hides snacks in his shoes! I check.
Hector::: I do not!
Man::: Why didn't I think of that.  I mean… Boo! You should be ashamed of yourself!
Camila:::  Sounds like your control issues make Hector feel like less of a man.
Rosa:::  Control?! I don't try to control anyone! Get up Hector, we're leaving!
Hector:::  Stop telling me what to do, Señora Bossypants!
Audience::: Hector! Hector! Hector! Hector!
Rosa::: Who are you calling bossy!? Señor Stinky!
Camila:::  What do you all think? Should the Casagrandes' makeup or breakup?
Audience::: Breakup! Breakup! Breakup!
Frida::: Why!?
Carlota::: We need to do something, this has gone too far.
Ronnie Anne::: No! Stop! This is all my fault, I brought you guys here to save your marriage but I only made things worse. Abuelo, Abuela, you used to be so happy. Please don't breakup.
Rosa::: Breakup? Where did you get that ridiculous idea?
Ronnie Anne::: All the signs were there. Passive-aggressive vacuuming, Abuelo sleeping on the couch.
Rosa::: I wasn't passive-aggressive, I was just vacuuming. And Hector likes to sleep on the couch.
Hector::: I do, it's closer to the kitchen.
Rosa::: Ronalda, tu abuelo could never survive without me, and I love him no matter how many days he goes without a shower.
Hector::: Si, and I love Rosa, even though she has feet the size of boats.
Rosa::: We may bicker to blow off steam. That doesn't mean we're not happy.
Camila::: Well there you have it. All it took was a little communication and a little guidance from Camila. We'll be right back with… something?
Frida:::  It's so beautiful.
Camila::: Look, I'm happy for you, but we still have fifteen minutes left and I have no couple to save.
Ronnie Anne:::  I think I can help with that.
Camila::: We're back with a new couple going through a rough patch. Tell us more.
Sergio:::  See, she's been ghosting me.
