Lucy::: Alright, salespeople, normies love cheerfulness. Let's see those smiles!  Forget the smiles.  Gloomy morning Mr. Grouse! Would you be interested in buying some homemade eyeball pops?
Persephone::: We're raising money to attend Casket Con this weekend.
Morpheus::: They'll be unveiling the new Model C Casket from Caskets R Us.  It hovers, therefore totally removing the need for pallbearers.
Boris::: We're running a special for eyeball pops for the price of three.
Mr. Grouse:::  Not now, creepy Loud and your creepy friends. I've got my own problem. I can't catch my couch to take a nap.
Dante::: Oh yeah. That's a ghost problem.
Mr. Grouse::: What was your first clue? When my loveseat walked itself into the kitchen? Can you spooky kids help?
Morpheus::: Eh, lose the 'tude and we've got a deal.
Mr. Grouse::: Eh, I make no promises.
Lucy::: We'll get to the bottom of this, Mr. Grouse.
Haiku::: Spirits of the shadow world, who is haunting this house? We ask that you reveal yourself to us and Mr. Grouse.
Morticians::: Ooh. Ahh.
Boris:::  That tickles. 
Lady Emmiline:::  My word, I'm tall. And hairless. And young! 
Dante::: Aw. Why does Boris get to be possessed?
Lucy::: To whom are we speaking?
Mr. Grouse::: And why are you destroying my dang house?
Lady Emmiline::: I'm Lady Emmiline. I owned this home ages ago, and I'm not the one destroying it; you are. I hosted the season's best soirées in this room. We had gold-plated antiques, Persian rugs, fine art on display. Now there's just... this.  Unless you redecorate, I'll haunt you forever.
Lucy::: Ah, so she's in limbo. The place between our world and the afterlife. Until her unfinished business is dealt with, she won't cross over.
Mr. Grouse::: Well, tough! I like my stuff; I'm not changing it.  Oof! Fine.
Lady Emmiline::: Beautiful! 
Mr. Grouse::: Eh, it's OK.
Boris::: That was a crazy feeling.
Dante::: Well, now you're just rubbing it in.
Lady Emmiline::: Well, that was fun.  And don't even think about changing it back, because I'll be watching.
Mr. Grouse::: Well, I'm glad that ghost lady's gone.  Eh, keep your eyeballs.  But you creepy kids earned this. Thanks. 
Lucy::: This is a lot of money. New plan: We help other people who are being haunted and raise enough money for Casket Con.
Lucy:::  Good morrow. Are you haunted by a specter?
Lucy::: And now we wait for customers.
Boris::: The bone phone! A customer!
Rodney::: Ahh! Help me!
Lucy::: We are officially in business.
Rodney::: It's destroying my clothing and spilling my most expensive cologne: Night Sweat! You have to help me!
Lucy::: Ghost, reveal yourself.  Spirit, what is your unfinished business here?
Dude Ghost::: I was supposed to be buried in a real tux, but this joker put me in a tuxedo T-shirt! I want a refund!
Rodney::: No refunds! Besides, your order form just said tuxedo, so I went with our casual package.
Dude Ghost::: I can't cross over in this! I'll be laughed out of the afterlife!
Rodney:::  Hmph!
Haiku::: What about an exchange?
Dude Ghost::: Now this is what I'm talking about.
Rodney::: And here's your complementary bottle of Night Sweat!
Dude Ghost::: Yeah, I'm good. 
Liam::: I suggest you all step back.
Dante::: What the heck's with that?
Liam::: I ain't got no idea. But every morning when I come out to feed the animals, it wallops me.
Dante::: Show yourself, spirit!
Liam:::  It's Mee-maw's prized donkey, Dolly!
Persephone::: Do you know why Dolly's haunting you?
Liam::: I do. I once broke our fence mud-wrestling with Virginia, and then blamed it on Dolly.  I know, ain't a moment I'm too proud of. Dolly, I'm gonna make this right.  Brace yourself, Mee-maw! You're about to be madder than a wet peacock!
Cheryl::: Something keeps changing our channel, and we're missing the season finale of Southern Hospitality!
Lucy::: This is definitely the work of a ghost. Spirit, show yourself.
Hipster Ghost::: This used to be my pad, brahs, and I need to know who wins Hipster Island.
Cheryl::: I use brah pads, too, but we gotta see if Sue Ellen chooses Brad or his evil twin, Chad.
Lucy::: You could always record Southern Hospitality, and you can watch it later.
Cheryl::: Well, we'd have to delete some of our crime shows, but it's a deal.  Make yourself comfy, we'll be right back with three bowls of ice cream.
Lucy::: We have a grave problem, gang. This phone hasn't rung in two hours. I think we've helped all the ghosts in town cross over.
Persephone::: But no more ghosts means no Casket Con.  We only need one more customer.
Lucy::: I hate to suggest this, but these are desperate times. What if we summon our own ghost to haunt someone, and charge them to get rid of it?
Persephone::: We'll need to find the right ghost. Someone who will play along.
Lucy::: This one says he was a prankster. I think we've found our ghost. Everyone, join hands.
Haiku::: Spirit, rise, and have our thanks. We need your help for one more prank.
Lucy::: Thank you for coming, dear spirit.
Buzz::: Everybody on the other side calls me Buzz.  Nice to meet ya.
Morpheus::: Why do they call you-
Lucy::: Buzz, word around the cemetery is you're a pranking legend. We need your help. Could you pretend to haunt someone and then let us capture you?
Dante::: You can pick whoever you want.
Buzz::: Say no more. I know just the person: My old next-door neighbor. She was always a pain in my side.
Scoots::: Time for my daily pudding pour.
Scoots:::  Buzz! I should have known it was you!
Scoots and Tyler::: No, no, no, no, no-
Tyler::: Babe!
Scoots::: You're the creepy kids from TV!
Haiku::: Thank you. You're too kind.
Scoots::: I've got a ghost problem, and I need your help.  He's ransacking the joint, and all you brought was a fancy vacuum?!
Lucy::: It's not a vacuum. It's an ARGGH! ghost containment device.  By the way, no one tell Lincoln I borrowed it.
Buzz::: I guess I've been canned!
Buzz::: Couldn't you clean that canister first?
