Luan::: Guess who I bumped into on the way to the optometrist? Everyone!  What did the bald man say when he got a comb for his birthday? I'll never part with it.
Scoots:::  There go Bernie's teeth again.
Pop-Pop::: How about that talent, eh? That's my granddaughter.
Luan:::  A-thank you.  Well, this is my stop, so I mustache you, to excuse me.
Lincoln::: What's that all about?
Luan::: Oh, that's my new gig, I'm the entertainer on the Giggling Geezer.
Clyde::: Giggling Geezer?
Luan::: The bus Sunset Canyon uses to take the seniors on day trips, do you realize what this means? Today the Giggling Geezer, tomorrow the Royal Woods Theater.
Clyde::: Tomorrow? Can we still get tickets?
Luan::: No, not tomorrow, tomorrow, someday tomorrow, I hope to be the youngest person to ever perform there.
Lincoln::: Well, congratulations, keep reaching for those dreams.
Luan:::  Aw, thanks, you're so supportive. 
Lincoln:::  The more success she has, the less time she has to prank us.
Clyde::: Ah.  Guess she still has time.
Luan::: Lucy, what are you doing on the stairs?
Lucy::: Sigh. I submitted my best poem to the Transylvania Review. They didn't want it, I must not have what it takes to be a poet.
Luan::: Your first rejection letter, huh? Well, step into my office, I wanna show you something.  These are my rejection letters.
Lucy:::  It's like a coffin for your dreams.
Luan::: It's just part of the creative life, you can't expect to shoot to the top right away. When I was your age, I had to start at the bottom.  Performing for our pets birthdays.
Young Luan::: What did the dalmatian say after eating a snack? That hit the spot.  Wow, ruff crowd.  Dang it, Charles!
Luan:::  It was a long time before I was ready to try my act out in public.
Young Luan:::  Good one, Mr. Coconuts, you bowl me over. 
Mr. Coconuts::: Guess that one landed in the gutter, toots.
Young Luan:::  Ah! Curly fries!
Luan:::  Even then, I still had a lot to learn about comedy.  So I enrolled in a clowning academy.  Finally, after paying my dues, I was ready to build my own business.
Flashback Luan::: How do turtles talk to each other? On their shell phones. 
Luan::: Just be patient, and keep trying, and no matter how hard it gets, remember, you always have a sister who knows you're...  spec-tacular!
Lucy:::  I feel a lot better. You know so much, Luan. Maybe you could help me become a successful poet.
Luan::: I suppose I could stanza to do that. After all, I am pretty well versed in mentoring. We'd make quite a couplet!
Luan::: Okay, so your first step is to sharpen your skills at home.
Lynn Sr.::: 'Fresh tuna, shrouded in a cold beet sauce, and laid to rest on a bed of pineapple'... Great job Lucy, this is the perfect update to the Aloha Comrade menu.  I was just gonna say 'fish and sauce'.
Leni::: 'Looking for an outfit that'll knock them dead? This black sequin gown shimmers like the eyes of a hundred vampires, on a moonless night.' This is perfect, I can't wait to put it on my fashion blog.  Done.
Luan::: Nice work, the next step is to get some formal training.
Poetry Teacher::: Okay class, give me your best rhymes for rose.
Poetry Student 1::: Chose.
Poetry Student 2::: Close.
Poetry Student 3::: Bows.
Lucy::: Decompose.
Poetry Teacher:::  Ooh, evocative.
Luan::: The next step is to start putting your work out there.
Pregnant Goth Mom:::  Oh honey, these pillows would be perfect for the nursery,  I can't decide, 'Rage Against Conformity' or 'Embrace the Darkness'?
Luan:::  Get 'em both, you might have twins.  Okay, you're almost ready to read your work in public. But first, you gotta build a thick skin.
Lucy::: Melancholy night before a hopeless dawn. The sun is rising soon, but all my joy is gone.
Leni:::  Oh, I don't wanna do this.
Luan::: It's for her own good.
Lola::: I'll show you how it's done.  That poem is terrible! I've been more moved by Lynn's farts!
Lynn:::  Aw, thank you.
Lola::: You smell weird, your hair is wrong, and I would not recommend you to my friends!
Lucy::: Mean little blonde, you throw stones and sticks. But what would you know? You're only six.
Luan:::  Boo-yah! That's my girl. Lucy, time to take your show on the road.
Luan::: Why couldn't Timmy ride a bicycle? Because Timmy was a goldfish.  A-thank you. Now I present to you our visiting poet, Lucy Loud, I know she'll show you a good rhyme.
Lucy::: The end is near, give up all hope.
Luan::: Why don't we try another one,  you gotta know your audience.
Lucy::: Ode to Pop-Pop.
Pop-Pop::: I like it already!
Lucy::: Warm eyes and anchor tattoo, blends his food, no need to chew, orange suspenders, he's got style, he'll lift your soul with just a smile.
Luan::: Well Luce, I'd say you're ready to fly solo now, but if you ever have any questions, you can come to me.
Lucy:::  Thank you Luan, you're the best mentor ever.
Lynn Sr.:::  Honey, Lucy's smiling! Get the camera!
Luan:::  That sounds more appealing.
Scoots::: Driver, pull over, Bernie lost his chompers again.
Luan::: Gum on, I'll help you find 'em. 
Lucy:::  Luan, I've been chasing you for six blocks. I have amazing news, my poetry teacher is hosting a poetry festival, and has asked me to be a part of it.
Luan:::  That is amazing, congrats!
Lucy::: It's going to be at the Royal Woods Theater.
Luan::: You don't say.
Lucy::: No kid has ever performed on stage there before.
Luan:::  You don't say.
Lucy::: Is your face okay?
Luan:::  Yes,  it's just so happy for you,  it's just so, so, great how you didn't have to struggle too long to make your dreams come true,  so, so, great.
Lucy:::  I, can't, breathe.  Thank you so much, Luan,  if it wasn't for you, I never would have made it to the Royal Woods Theater.
Luan::: Yes, I know.
Bernie:::  Found 'em!  Whoops, not my teeth.
Lucy:::  I'm really nervous about my reading tomorrow, do vocal exercises help? I know one called the endless moan.
Luan:::  Sure, do that, that's great.
Lucy::: Which shade of black do you think is better for the reading? 'Eternal Sadness', or 'Vacant Tomb'?
Luan::: I don't know,  Eternal Tomb.
Lucy::: I read that making good eye contact with the audience is important.  How's this?  Is this better?  How about this?
Lucy::: What if I get stage fright? I mean, I could handle the Giggling Geezer, but this crowd is going to be huge.
Luan:::  Why are you even asking me, Lucy?! You're the genius who got a gig at the Royal Woods Theater, not me! So, why don't you figure it out?!
Lincoln::: You done with the TV?  Whoa.
Lucy::: What was that about?
Lincoln::: I think I know. There's something that I need to tell you.
Luan:::  Okay, let's just get this over with.  Maybe they'll seat us behind someone with big hair so I don't have to watch my sister steal my dreams.
Leni:::  But Lori, I was wearing fuchsia today.
Luan:::  Hey, what's going on? Why isn't anybody ready for Lucy's reading?
Lisa::: Lucy will not be doing said reading.
Luan::: What? Why not?
Lisa::: She claims to be ill, though I just checked her vitals and she seems medically fine. It must all be in her head.
Luan::: Hey Luce, Lisa said you're too sick to do the reading.
Lucy::: Cough, cough, yeah, my throat is killing me, and I think I've got a fever.
Lynn:::  That was weak.
Luan::: Hmm, you feel fine to me.  Is there any chance you're faking, just because you're afraid to go on stage?
Lucy::: Umm,  not exactly.
Luan::: Hmm, well something's going on.  You can tell me.
Lucy::: Sigh, okay, Lincoln told me it was your dream to be the youngest person to ever perform at the Royal Woods Theater.  I don't wanna take that from you.
Luan::: Really? So you're giving up on this huge opportunity just for me?
Lucy::: How could I not? After all you've done for me.
Luan:::  Alright!  Get out of bed!
Lucy::: What?
Luan:::  You're doing the festival!  I think we should go with Vacant Tomb.
Lucy::: That's actually Eternal Sadness.  Luan, I don't understand. What about-?
Luan::: What kind of a mentor would I be if I allowed you to miss this opportunity? Look, I'm sorry I got jealous before. You've earned this.
Lucy:::  Thanks, Luan.
Lynn Sr.:::  Honey! Lucy's hugging someone, get the camera!
Poetry Teacher::: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our next poet, Lucy Loud.
Lucy::: This poem goes out to the person who got me here, my big sister Luan. Dreams burnt to ash, hope tangled like laces, till love swept in, with puns and funny faces. Where my path will lead, I can't be sure, but if ever I'm lost, I'll look up to her.
