Carl::: Tonight is gonna be awesome! I didn't even know sleeping over at the zoo was a thing.
Ronnie Anne::: I know, it was so nice of Sid's mom to invite us.
Carl::: I can't wait to see Keyon the Komodo Dragon. Did you know komodos are the last living dinosaurs?
CJ::: I can't wait to meet Bitsy the Elephant, I brought her favorite snack, 
Carl::: And I'll bring my favorite snack, beef jerky.
Sergio:::  Pack these too,  they're for my girlfriend Priscilla.
Ronnie Anne:::  We won't have time to play Cupid for you, Sergio. 
Carl::: Besides, that bird dumped you dude.
Sergio:::  It's complicated.
Ronnie Anne::: When's this tour gonna start, Carl's going bananas.
Sid::: Soon, My mom just likes to make an entrance.
Adelaide::: Classic Mom.
CJ::: Bitsy!  I'm never washing my hand again.
Becca::: Hey kids, ready to have some fun?  Thanks for the lift Bitsy.  Back home, Girl.  First up, is our night tour.
Adelaide::: My favorite.
Becca::: Our usual driver, Esteban, is at his prom tonight, but filling in for us, we have...
Stanley::: Two-time GLART conductor of the month, Stanley Chang. A thank you, a thank you.
Sid::: Classic Dad.
Becca::: Now, we just have one rule; Stay with the group at all times.
Carl::: Oh, oh, Mrs. Chang, when do we get to see Keyon?
Becca::: Oh, sorry Carl, komodo dragons are diurnal, they're awake during the day and asleep at night, so we're not gonna be visiting him.  Don't worry, we'll be seeing lots of other fascinating animals tonight.  Starting with the-  Honey, could you slow down?
Stanley::: Just seeing what this sweet ride can do.
Becca::: Welcome to our night monkey habitat, as a treat, you guys are gonna get to play with Davy, Peter, Micky, and Michael.  You know, like the band?  Ah, you guys are too young.
Carl::: Okay, and if I use this, and this, and a little bit of that, it'll be perfect.  Hmm, looks just like me, well, not quite as handsome.  Go away monkey. Can't you see I'm busy?  Hey that's my snack!  See you later, I'm off to find Keyon.
Becca::: Alright, it's time to say goodbye to the monkeys and move on to our next stop on the tour.  Okay, quick headcount.  One, two, three, four, hmm... five.  Perfect, okay kids, who wants to high five a hippo?
Carl::: I think the Komodo dragon exhibit is this way.  It's okay Carl, you're not afraid of one little animal.  But you are afraid of that!  This dirt smells weird.  Gah!  Not dirt! Not dirt!  You again? Vete! I work alone.  I hate monkeys.
Adelaide::: Ooh, looks Carl, a baby sloth.  What? Are you too cool for sloths?
Sid::: Yeah, what's up, Carl? You're quiet tonight.
Ronnie Anne::: I say we just enjoy it while it lasts.
Carl::: Maybe Keyon was this way. Yah!  Nice skunks, don't mind me, just passing through.  Monkey, no.  Stop it! It's my beef jerky.  At least the skunk smell covers up the poop smell. 
Adelaide::: Ooh, look, Carl. Isn't that Sergio's girlfriend, Priscilla? 
Ronnie Anne::: Ex-girlfriend.
Sid::: Talk about squawk-ward.
Adelaide:::  Carl, look.
CJ::: Carl's head fell off his body.
Ronnie Anne::: I knew Carl couldn't be quiet for that long.
Sid::: He must have snuck off to see Keyon.
Becca::: You kids stay with Mr. Chang and finish the tour, I'll find Carl.
Stanley::: So, who wants to see how fast this thing can go?
Carl::: Sweet, a zoo map.  Now I'll find Keyon for sure.  Hey! Give that back, I need that.  Ha! Gotta be quicker than that to beat Carl Casa-  No jirafa, no.  Hey, the komodo dragon exhibit is that way. Thanks jirafa.  Blech, man I'm really gonna need a bath later.
Becca::: Hmm, no Carl, come on Bitsy, we'll have to go back and track him.  Still fresh he can't be too far.  You check Panda Paradise, I'll look in African Adventure. Okay, just like we practiced.  Bingo.
Carl:::  Zoo cops, they're on to us.
Nico::: Uh-oh. 
Carl::: Monkey, we gotta hide.  How can you eat at a time like this?
Becca::: Huh? 
Carl:::  Hey, that's using your coco monkey, maybe you're not a bad partner after all.  Yes! We made it!  Look, there's Keyon.  Hey, Keyon, wake up, it's Carl, your future best friend.  Hey! Wake up!  Get up lizard!  Monkey, are you gonna help me out here?  Huh? Monkey, what are you doing?  Forget the jerky, get out of there, get, out, of, there.  I am not playing!  I know I'm gonna be in so much trouble but...  Help! Cilio! Zoo cops! Anyone!
Becca::: Carl, what's going on? Are you okay?
Carl::: I'm fine, it's the monkey.  Keyon's about to eat him and it's all my fault.
Becca::: Don't worry, I'll handle this. Bitsy, watch Carl  Nico run!
Carl::: I can't look.
Becca:::  Go fetch.
Carl:::  Wow, how do I get that job?  A job application, how obvious.
Carl::: He was as big as this tram, with teeth as big as your head, and right when he was about to eat the monkey, Mrs. Chang swooped in and saved him, she's like a dragon tamer.
Adelaide & Sid::: Classic Mom.
Carl::: I would have helped, but, uh, I was wearing the wrong shoes.
Ronnie Anne:::  Uh-huh, sure Carl. But we are glad you're okay.
Becca::: Me too, but I think you and I need to have a little chat, Carl.
Carl:::  I'm sorry I didn't stay with the group Mrs. Chang, I understand if you wanna call my parents and have them pick me up.
Becca::: I guess I could do that, but I have another idea. How about you help out at the zoo for a couple days? That way you can learn about the animals and see why we have our rules.
Carl:::  Really? I'd love to. Can I help feed Keyon? Or give him a bath?
Becca:::  I think we can work something out.
Carl::: Yes!
CJ::: That's your punishment? I wanna help too.  Look, I'm not with the group.
Becca::: Okay CJ, you can help too.  Ready to say goodbye to your friend?
Carl:::  Adios monkey, glad you didn't become dragon chow.
Becca::: Alright, let's get you guys to the campground.  Everybody ready?
Everyone::: Campground! Campground! Campground!
Sergio:::  Priscilla, talk to me, I've changed.
