Lincoln::: Come on Lis, put that stuff down and watch Double Dare with us.
Lisa::: Are you kidding?! I'm about to split an atom here!
Marc Summers:::  Okay, here's your first question.  Which element on the periodic table is represented by the number one? Is it hydrogen? Helium? Or firstium?
Lisa::: Hydrogen, duh. Who in their right mind would guess 'Firstium'?
Lynn::: No talking if you're not watching!
Marc Summers::: Oh, hold on slime lovers, Double Dare is hitting the road! And we're coming to your town, so get ready...  Royal Woods, Michigan!
Lincoln::: Guys, we have to go on the show. This is our chance to get slimed!
Lana::: I'll slime ya! 
Lucy::: But there are only two players on each team! Who do we pick?
Lynn::: One of them has to be Lisa. She always knows the smart junk.
Marc Summers:::  Pick it! Come on, Pick it!  Oh! There you go.
Lisa::: Pssh. I have no interest in such childish buffoonery.
Marc Summers::: Hey, did I mention, we have some great new prizes.  Flashy sneakers, deluxe vanity stations, and...
Marc Summers:::  A Galactic Labs space capsule!
Lisa:::  A Galactic Labs space capsule?
Lisa::: I've changed my position.  We must compete on this show!
Lola::: Well, the other spot should go to me. I look the best on television.
Lynn::: Spot should go to me! I squat two-fifty.
Luna::: It should go to me I'm a rockstar!
Other siblings::: What about me?
Lisa::: Eh-eh-eh. If we're gonna win this thing, I'll need to pick the teammate with the best overall stats relevant to Double Dare. Hmm... Time to devise some tests.
Lola:::  Stop squatting me!
Lisa::: Okay, okay people!--
Lisa::: Now, thank you for participating in this exercise. I've taken it upon myself to build a robot, to help me assess your Double Dare potential.  I give you... DareBot.  Now first, we'll test your ability to keep calm under pressure, with an exercise I call 'Think or Swim'.
Lisa::: Okay, participants, now I'm going to ask a series of simple rapid-fire questions.  If you stumble of answer incorrectly, it's into the dunk tank, and out of the running.
Lynn::: Cannonball!  Did I win? That splash was dope!
Lisa:::  Disqualified. Ability to follow instructions is paramount. Okay, first question. Luna? What's Father's middle initial?
Luna::: Uh... um...
Lisa:::  Too slow.  Lincoln, same question.
Lincoln::: Uh, 'L'.
Lisa::: Correct! Lucy, what is the 12th letter of the alphabet?
Lucy:::  A, B, C, D...
Lisa:::  Too late.   Lori, Roman numeral for 50.
Lori::: Eh... um...
Lisa::: Lily, mass of Jupiter!  Lola?
Lola::: I'm bored.
Lisa::: Jeez, Tsk-tsk. Only four left... DareBot, you know what this means.
DareBot::: Yes.  I'll dispose of the losers.
Lisa:::  No, no no no! I meant these four will move on to the next round!  Criminy...
Lisa::: We are now going to test an ability crucial to Double Dare victory. Spotting hidden flags.
Mr. Coconuts::: Eh! This coming with the gal who wears glasses! How eyeronic!
Lisa::: Insulting the team captain? Instant disqualification. DareBot?
Luan::: It wasn't me! It was Mr. Coconuts!  No fair!
Lisa::: Alright participants, now I've buried a flag somewhere inside the couch, you have twenty seconds to find it.  And... go.
Lincoln::: Found it!
Leni::: Lincoln, that's an old pizza slice.
Lana:::  Mmm, pepperoni and sock lint.
Lisa::: Another disqualification, for pure revulsion.
Lana::: Worth it! 
Lisa::: Keep looking people!
Leni::: It's somewhere here.
Lisa:::  Geo for the win. Let's move on.
Lisa::: Okay participants, as you know physical challenges require speed and agility. So for the last test it's simple; whoever can catch Charles wins.
Lincoln::: That's gonna be easy.
Lisa::: Not if he's covered in non-stick vegetable shortening.  Laser please.
DareBot:::  Commencing puppy playtime.
Lincoln::: Get him!  How'd we do?
Lisa::: I need to assess your scores.  And my bruises.
Lisa::: Who am I gonna pick? These rubes are hopeless, they probably don't even know who discovered radium.
DareBot:::  Marie Curie, born eighteen-sixty-seven in Warsaw, Poland.  Your dog is dry.
Lisa::: By Tesla's coils, I've got an idea.
Lisa::: Thank you all for trying out, and after reviewing the data, I've decided the most agile, quick-thinking, personable, qualified teammate is...  DareBot.
Lisa's Siblings::: What?! Why?!
Lisa::: Yeah. None of you mere humans hold a candle to mere DareBot's knowledge and physical skills and... I wanna win that spaceship.
DareBot::: Winners high-five.
Lynn::: Get scrapped, dumb-bot!  Ahh!
DareBot::: Anybody else have something to say?
Lisa's Siblings::: Nope.
Announcer::: Take your places, please. Contestants, take your places.
Lisa::: Oh, thank goodness for step ladders.  Well, this is a surprise. I didn't expect you'd still want to cheer me on under the circumstances.
Lincoln::: Cheer you on? Ha! We're here to beat you!
Leni::: And they're here to cheer us on!
Lisa:::  You both performed passably in tryouts, but quite frankly you don't stand a chance against myself and DareBot.
DareBot::: Agreed. Your human brains are a joke.
Leni::: Oh yeah? Well, you would look terrible in a crop top!
DareBot::: Gasp! That stings. 
Marc Summers::: On your mark,  get set,  go!  Today on Double Dare, it's Louds versus Louds. Now, remember teams, whoever hooks more antlers, wins control of the round.  Blue team's not looking too good, it's not that easy.  Red team's playing it real cool and-  Woah! Ring-a-ding-ding! Red team wins control of round one.
Lisa:::  We got this!  Go DareBot! Go DareBot! 
DareBot::: Oh yeah! Get used to seeing this.
Marc Summers::: Ok, we're back. Antlers are off and thinking caps on. Red team, Here we go. Which of these is not part of an atom? Protons? Neutrons? Or Jumbotrons?
Lisa::: Jumbotrons, obviously. And may I say your attempts at humor are quite juvenile.
Marc Summers::: Hey, I only ask the questions, ma'am. I don't write 'em. Ok, next question. Which of these sports is not played with cleats? Baseball? Soccer? Or Croquet?
Lisa::: Ahh, sports, my Achilles' heel. Good thing I have you, DareBot. 
DareBot::: You neglected to program me with sports trivia in favor of sarcasm and sauciness. I suggest we dare.
Lisa:::  Dare.
Marc Summers::: Oh, dare it is. Blue team?
Leni::: A shoe question? I know the answer, I know the answer!
Lincoln::: Wait! They don't know the answer. Let's double dare them and put them on the spot.
Lincoln & Leni::: Double Dare!
Marc Summers::: Ooh, the suspense. Red team, will you take the question or the physical challenge?
Lisa::: It appears my hand's been forced. We'll take the physical challenge.
Marc Summers::: Ok. It's a physical challenge for red team. In the Hammerheads challenge, contestants must use their noggins to break a dozen eggs. Sounds simple? Well, not with a vibrating table!
Lisa::: Disposing of a few eggs should be no problem for Darebot.
Marc Summers::: On your mark, get set, go!
DareBot::: No egg is safe from DareBot. DareBot smash!
Lisa::: Ha! We got this!  DareBot, what's happening?  I programmed you better than this!
DareBot::: You opted for wit over waterproofing. And that's no yolk.
Lisa:::  Well I better rewire your-
Marc Summers::: Aww, looks like you're a few eggs short of an omelette. Which means the points go to the blue team!
Marc Summers::: After one heck of a round, blue team's behind by two-hundred points, but they do have control of the game, let's see if they can catch up. Blue team, what famous export originated from the town of Nîmes, France?
Leni::: Oh, that's easy, it's denim, which derives from the French Sergé de Nîmes.
Marc Summers::: Woah, you got it. Blue team gets the points.
Lisa:::  A geographical question with an international economic twist, I didn't know she had it in her.
Marc Summers::: And the game is tied. And you know what that means? It all comes down to the obstacle course!
Marc Summers::: And we’re back! The first team to complete the obstacle course with the most flags, is out winner, and gets to pick from our incredible grand prizes! Teams, on your mark… get set… go!
DareBot::: Based on statistical probability of past episodes, the flag is most likely under the-  Under the...
Lisa:::  Come on! Under the, what!” 
DareBot::: The second pancake.
Lisa:::  Gah! It’s not here DareBot!
DareBot:::  Does not compute! Pancakes! Marie Curie! Poland! Poland! Poland! 
Lincoln:::  Got it!
Marc Summers::: Blue team is on the move!
Lisa::: Look alive, DareBot!
Leni::: I can’t find the flag.
Lisa::: DareBot, come on, this way.
Marc Summers::: Come on guys, get the flag! Get that flag!
Crowd:::  Flag, flag, flag, flag!
DareBot:::  Success!
Lisa::: That a boy, DareBot.  Victory is still within our grasp.
Lincoln::: Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Marc Summers::: Red team is in the lead.  And they lost it. Next up is a scenic ride through 'Lake Gelatin'.  Oh! You missed it by that much red team.
Lisa::: Well there’s more than one way to cross a lake of gelatin.  Come on, baby!”
Marc Summers::: That is some inventive thinking.
DareBot:::  I was not built for this.
Marc Summers::: Red team is catching up.
Lisa::: The flag. I got it!
Lincoln::: There's the flag! I got it!
Marc Summers::: The teams are still tied!  Whoever reaches the flag on top of Mt. St. Double Dare first, wins!  Be careful, watch your step. 
Marc Summers:::  I love this game.
Audience::: Leni! Leni! Leni!
Lisa::: Siblings, congrats on your win, I realize now that I underestimated your abilities. I’m sorry.
Lincoln::: No worries, we know you really wanted that space capsule.
Lisa::: Yeah, but I should have stuck by my family.
Marc Summers:::  You know I hate to break this up but Lincoln and Leni, it’s time to pick out your prize from our incredible list of flashy new prizes.
Leni::: No need Marv, I know what we should pick.
Lisa::: Gads, don’t tell me you two have a budding interest in rocket science.
Leni::: No silly, it’s for you.
Lisa::: But, I was so...
Lincoln::: It’s okay, I just wanted to meet Marc Summers.
Leni::: And I’m using the show to improve my brand as a preteen influencer.
Lisa:::  Awe, you guys are the best.
