Announcer::: One last note, kangaroos. Don't forget, voting for this year's Middle School Best awards starts tomorrow.
Lincoln and Clyde::: We have to win 'Best Buds'!
Clyde:::  Our friendship will be immortalized forever in the middle school yearbook!
Lincoln::: We're a total shoe-in to win.
Clyde::: Definitely. There's no other best friend duo in school like Clincoln McCloud.
Rusty::: Zusty Spurdles on the bizz-us. Come on, best friend. Let's sit together.
Lincoln::: Zusty Spurdles?
All::: Hmm?
Zach::: I missed you, Rust-man.  I haven't seen you since sixth period.
Rusty:::  I missed you too, Gurdy. Oh, I almost forgot.  I brought your favorite sub! 
Zach::: What a coincidence.  I brought you your favorite sub. 
Girl Jordan::: Why can't we be like that, Rachel?
Stella:::  Um, what's going on with you two?
Zach::: We're trying to win 'Best Buds' in the MSB awards. So we're stepping up our friendship game. 
Lincoln:::  But Clyde and I are going for that.
Clyde::: Can't you go for something else?
Lincoln::: Eww.
Clyde:::  Like grossest eaters?
Zach:::  Sorry, but we got a legacy to live up to.  Our dad won 'Best Buds' back when they went to school here.
Lincoln:::  Well, fine. If you two are stepping up your friendship game,  then Clyde and I will too.
Liam::: Come on, fellers. We're all best buds.--  Ahh.
Rusty, Zach, Lincoln and Clyde:::  May the true best buds win. 
Chad::: Best in the trilogy.
Lincoln::: Good morning, everyone. Check out...
Lincoln and Clyde::: Clincoln McCloud! Best Buds and Proud.
Zach and Rusty:::  Commencing Zusty Spurdles, 'Best Buds' handshake in Three. Two. One.
Zach::: Heh, hooh, huh, huh.
Classmates::: Whoa. You got my vote for the MSB awards!-- I'm voting for you guys! Totally win!
Lincoln::: Guys, look!  Clincoln McCloud has a best friend handshake too!
Rusty::: Wow, you sure captured my rugged good looks, best bud.
Zach::: Hey-hey. I paint it like I see it.
Classmates::: Ooh!
Classmate #2:::  Guys, check out what Lincoln and Clyde made!
Lincoln::: We go live now to the cafeteria, where clean-up has begun following today's sloppy joe explosion.
Rachel::: Huh?
Girl Jordan and Rachel:::  Aww.
Rusty:::  Rookie move. You always go video over slideshow.
Zach::: Hey, guys. Check it out! 
Classmate::: Woah! 'Zusty Spurdles, Best Buds in Royal Woods!'
Lincoln::: Everyone! Look up at the sky! 
Classmate::: 'Clincoln McCloud: Best buds in the world!'
Rachel::: Looks like I'm changing my vote.
Girl Jordan::: I am so voting for Clincoln McCloud.
Lincoln:::  Rookie move. You always go skywriting over billboards.
Clyde::: Hello, everyone. Can we have your attention please?
Lincoln::: I hope you haven't had dessert yet. Because my best friend, Clyde, and I have a special treat for you.
Clyde:::  We've gotta do something to make sure we win that award.
Lincoln:::  Copy that. And we need to think fast. Tomorrow is the last day to vote.
Announcer:::  Welcome back to 'How Well Do You Know Your Chinchilla?'.  For one million dollars, Billy, what is your chinchilla's favorite color?
Lincoln::: Clyde, I know how we can win this!
Announcer::: That's right, Billy! It was a trick question. Chinchillas are color blind. 
Lincoln::: So, what do you think?
Rusty::: A game show? I'm in. I know a lot about chinchillas.  My cousin, Derek, has two of them. He calls them his twin-chillas.
Lincoln::: No. In this show, we'd answer friendship questions about each other. So, the school can see who the real best buds are.
Stella::: I don't know, guys.
Liam::: Yeah, ain't this gone on long enough?
Lincoln::: You have our word that after this, it'll all be over.
Liam:::  Promise?
Lincoln, Clyde, Zach and Rusty::: Promise.
Stella:::  Hey, Kangaroos! We won't be doing our news show today. Instead, we're doing a game show to settle the question: Who are the real best buds in school? Okay, let's meet our teams.-- Team one, Clincoln McCloud.  Team two, Zusty Spurdles.  Let's begin round one! Each team has answered a series of questions about each other. Now, they'll reveal their answers to see how well they know their bestie. Each correct answer is worth one point. Lincoln, what is your best friend, Clyde's, favorite movie?
Lincoln:::  'King of the Rings'!
Clyde::: He's right! It's  'King of the Rings'!
Stella::: Point for Clincoln McCloud.  Rusty, what is Zach's favorite movie?
Rusty:::  Easy, 'Attack of the Mutant Alien Toddlers from Mars, Part Ten.'
Zach::: No!  Part Nine! Everybody knows those movies went downhill after that!
Stella::: Zach, what's Rusty's favorite meal?
Zach:::  Liver and onions!
Rusty:::  Liver and Onions.
Stella::: Point for 'The Zusty Spurdles'!
Rusty::: Yeah!
Zach::: Boom.
Stella::: Lincoln, what's Clyde's favorite meal?
Lincoln:::  It's my dad's Mac 'n' Cheese bites.
Clyde:::  That used to be my favorite,  But since Nana Gayle moved here, she's been making me beef bourguignon.  Sorry, I thought I updated our spreadsheet. 
Rusty::: Yeah!
Stella::: The score is tied 1-1! It's time to move on to round two.
Stella::: Teams will do a series of best friend challenges that represent trust, communication and teamwork. Each one is worth a point. First challenge is the trust fall. Zusty Spurdles, you're up!
Rusty and Zach::: Yeah!
Rusty::: Point for 'Zusty Spurdles'!
Stella::: Your turn, Clincoln McCloud.
Clyde::: Bleh!
Rusty::: Sorry, must have been the liver and onions I had for lunch.
Girl Jordan and Rachel::: Eww!
Stella::: The score is now 2-1 in favor of Team Zusty Spurdles.
Stella::: This challenge will test your best bud communication. One member from each team must complete the skate course... blindfolded! Your bestie will direct you using only verbal commands. Take your positions!
Rusty::: Stay straight!
Lincoln::: Straight!
Clyde::: Argh!
Lincoln:::  Hurry, Clyde! Go, go!  Let's go. Turn right, now left.  You're going backwards!  Keep going straight. We got this!
Stella::: Point for Clincoln McCloud! This game is tied. 
Stella::: For the final challenge, each team will cook a friendship meatloaf. Whoever wins this challenge, wins the game.
Girl Jordan::: Ooh. This is gonna be good.
Stella::: On your mark. Get set--
Stella and Liam::: Whoa!
Lincoln::: There's nothing I like more than cooking--  with my best friend. 
Zach:::  There's nothing I like more than cooking with my best friend.
Rusty::: You guys sound ridiculous.
Clyde:::  You're just mad because you know we're gonna win this.
Lincoln:::  Yeah, you guys have been faking it this whole time. You're not even real best friends. 
Lincoln::: So, you wanna play dirty? Well, I hope you like your eggs scrambled! 
Clyde:::  Not our own poppers, throw these. 
Liam::: Fellers, stop!  This has gone too far!  Look what you've come to.  Y'all been acting like real jerks to each other and me and Stella can't take it no more.
Stella::: And we don't wanna be friends with people who act like that,  so we're out. Come on, Liam. 
Lincoln:::  Guys, wait. You're right.  This isn't how friends should treat each other.
Clyde::: We're sorry for how we acted. 
Zach::: We're sorry too.
Rusty::: Can you forgive, Zach?  I mean, can you forgive both of us?
Lincoln:::  Of course.  Can you guys forgive us too?
Liam::: Yeah. Bring it in, y'all. 
Rachel and Girl Jordan:::  Aww.
Lincoln::: We owe all of you an apology too. None of us deserve an award. 
Clyde::: That's why Lincoln and I are withdrawing from the 'Best Buds' category.
Rusty:::  Oh, um... Yeah.  Zach and I are withdrawing too.
Stella::: Hey guys, best friends food fight?
Principal Ramirez::: Our next category is 'Best Detention Getter.' And the Middle School Best award goes to... Chandler McCann.  Chandler can't be here because he's in detention, so I accept this award on his behalf.  Next up, 'Best Buds'. And, the MSB award goes to... Rachel and Girl Jordan.
Principal Ramirez::: Our final category is 'Best Friend Group'.  The MSB award goes to... --The Action News Team!
Liam:::  Hot dog, we won! 
Lincoln:::  Wait, what? I didn't even know 'Best Friend Group' was a category!
Principal Ramirez::: It wasn't. But your classmates were so touched by your on-air makeup, that they created a new award category just for you!
Zach::: We won?
Liam and Rusty::: Yeah, siree.
Stella::: Best friend group in the whole school!
Rusty:::  This is quite an honor. I wasn't expecting this. I just have a few people to thank. My dad, my cousin, Derek, and his twin-chillas, my cousin Aaron and--  And my girlfriend! You don't know her. She goes to a different school.
