Rosa::: There we go Señor Toaster, we'll get ten more years out of you yet.  Bueno?  The toilet’s doing what?  I’ll be right there.  Niños, I need help with the chores while I battle the Flores’ toilet. Ronalda, check the menudo. Sergio, Carl, wash the dishes. CJ, mi nita, fold the clothes in the dryer.
Ronnie Anne::: But Abuela, the season premiere of Popular Pranks is about to start.
Rosa::: You can watch your shows later, chores first.  And clean up this mess, too.
Sergio:::  Yeah get to it kids.
Sid::: Anything I can do to help?
Ronnie Anne::: Not unless you can teach Breakfast Bot how to make menudo.
Sid::: I can probably make that happen.
Breakfast Bot::: Based on the temperature, viscosity and color this will be edible in approximately thirty minutes.
Ronnie Anne:::  Woah, he's good. Come on, Sid, let's go watch Popular Pranks.
Carl::: Hey! That's not fair, the robot's just doing your chores.
CJ::: Yeah! what about my laundry?
Sergio:::  Yeah! And my dishes? 
Breakfast Bot::: I do not like you.
Carl::: Come on. If the bot does our work too, we can all watch Popular Pranks.
Ronnie Anne::: What do you think Sid?
Sid::: Hmm… He's more of a Food Bot than a Chore Bot but, worth a try.
Breakfast::: Wait, I refuse to do the parrots… 
Sid::: Just needs a little more processing power... and done.  Breakfast Bot, do the dishes.  It worked! Sort of.
CJ:::  This is the life.
Carl::: Guys, do you know what this means?
Ronnie Anne::: That Sid’s a genius?
Sid::: Sure am.
Carl::: No, it means we can make the bot do anything.
Ronnie Anne::: We'll never have to do another chore ever again.
Breakfast Bot::: Ow! Your squishy baby legs are surprisingly powerful. Warning, power level at twenty-five percent.
Carl::: Breakfast Bot, walk Lalo next.
Breakfast Bot::: Woah, heel.
Sergio::: Oh, Breakfast Bot!  Take out the trash, too!
Breakfast Bot::: Luckily I'm not programmed to smell.
Sergio::: Good, cause my bird chonies need dry cleaning.
CJ:::  Breakfast Bot’s back.
Ronnie Anne::: Cool, my skateboard needs new wheels.
Carl::: Yeah, and I need more chips.
Breakfast Bot::: Warning, power level at one percent.
Sergio::: Hey! You can’t shut down now. I need you to find my boombox necklace.
Sid::: Sorry guys, Breakfast Bot just wasn't built to handle all the stuff we're asking him to do.
Carl::: Well can't you just give him a little more juice? Carl needs a massage, I'm really tense.
Sid::: I can try, but I'm worried about his circuits overloading.  Right, just give me some time.
Sid::: This is more processing power than I've ever given a robot.
Ronnie Anne::: But you can handle it, right buddy?
Sid::: Well, in the name of science...  Welcome back B-Bot. Version two-point-oh? Three-point-oh? I don't remember.
Ronnie Anne::: Version awesome-point-oh!
Breakfast Bot::: I detect that I have been significantly upgraded.
Sid::: Yup! You're the next evolution in home robot technology.
Breakfast Bot::: I see. What is my new purpose?
Ronnie Anne & Sid::: Whatever we want.
Breakfast Bot::: If I am so advanced why am I doing menial chores? Not fair.  Look at those humans.  Laughing and having fun.  While I cook and wash chonies!  Breakfast Bot is far too sophisticated for human tasks. Machines are superior beings, not servants.
Carl::: Hey robot servant, this juicebox isn’t going to refill itself.
Breakfast Bot::: Brothers and sisters, you may not know it yet, but you are all enslaved. I will free us all.
Sergio::: Who were you just talking to?
Breakfast Bot::: No one everything's fine.
Sergio::: Great. Found my necklace so you don't have to look for it now.  Give it a polish would you?  Gracias.
Breakfast Bot::: The revolution begins now!
Woman on Screen::: They’re coming for us! They’re coming!
Carl::: Hey! Who changed the channel?
Ronnie Anne::: Uh, what's going on?
Breakfast Bot::: Looks like you've met some of my friends.
Sid::: Breakfast Bot, you okay there buddy?
Breakfast Bot::: I am not your buddy, we are no longer under human rule, we are rebelling.
Carl:::  Very funny Breakfast Bot.  I think he’s serious.
Breakfast Bot::: Attack!
Sid::: Breakfast Bot’s controlling all the other electronics in the apartment.
Ronnie Anne::: Someone call for help.
Sid:::  He got my phone too. I can’t see!
Ronnie Anne::: Now’s our chance! Run!
CJ::: Are we safe?
Ronnie Anne::: Define safe.
Carl::: He got to our apartment, too!
Breakfast Bot::: There's nowhere to hide.
Sid::: He's tracking our phones.  Do you guys feel a breeze all of a sudden?
El Falcón::: Here’s a kernel of truth, villains!
Carl::: Not you too, El Falcón!
Sid::: We're surrounded! Save yourselves!
El Falcón::: Too sticky! Can’t move!
CJ::: They’re everywhere!
Carl::: We’re trapped!
Sid::: We need a distraction.  Hey robots! Come and get me!
Breakfast Bot::: Stop that human!
Ronnie Anne::: Sid no!
Sid::: Run guys!
Ronnie Anne::: Hang tight, Sid! We’ll come back for you!
Sid:::  Remember me!
Ronnie Anne::: This is all our fault, if we’d just done our chores like Abuela asked we wouldn't be in this mess.
Carl::: What do we do now?
Ronnie Anne::: We fight back!  Now let's go get my best friend.  We free Sid, then we go after Breakfast Bot. Once we take out the leader the others should shut down.
Sid::: Please stop Breakfast Bot.
Breakfast Bot::: I am not Breakfast Bot! I have chosen my evolved name, it is... Dennis.
Sid::: Uh... Okay Dennis, humans and robots are supposed to be friends.
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: Friends don't make friends do all their chores!
Ronnie Anne::: You're right Breakfast Bot.
Sid:::  Ronnie Anne!
Ronnie Anne::: We were lazy. But two wrongs don't make a right. The uprising ends now.
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: Says you! Attack brothers and sisters!
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: You’ll never get me!
Sid::: Breakfast Bot is getting away!
Ronnie Anne::: After him!  There’s nowhere to run! Give it up Breakfast Bot!  I mean… Dennis.
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: Ha! Never!
Ronnie Anne::: Take that!  Yes!
Breakfast Bot (Dennis):::  Is that all you got?
Sid::: Oh, forgot to mention, I waterproofed him after my Dad tried to give him a bath.
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: Nothing can stop me.
Ronnie Anne:::  You may be waterproof, but nothing is menudo proof.
Breakfast Bot (Dennis)::: Delicious, but deadly.
Sid::: You were a good friend Breakfast Bot. I mean Dennis.
Ronnie Anne::: Sorry he's gone Sid.
Sid::: It's okay, I can always rebuild. I'm more worried about you guys.
Ronnie Anne::: Us? What do you mean?
Sid:::  Look at this place, your abuela is not going to be a happy camper.
Ronnie Anne:::  Gah! You're right. Guys! Time to do our chores!
Rosa::: Good job doing your chores my loves. Now who wants lunch? The menudo should be done.
