Luna:::  There I was at my first concert, floating to the stage to rock with Mick Swagger himself.  We just formed this amazing bond.
Mazzy::: I totally get it. I feel the same way about my pet hamster. 
Sully::: Uh, Mazz, that's a tarantula.
Mazzy::: Either way, he loves the wheel I gave him.
Sam::: Luna, I love your Mick stories.
Sully::: Ooh, tell the breadsticks one again.
Luna::: Ah, the breadsticks. There I was... ] ...struggling to write a song when this old man started dropping truth bombs on me. Little did I know it was Mick in disguise.
Sully::: Ooh. I get goosebumps every time.
Mazzy::: Hey, I bet you guys will make more memories at his concert tonight.
Luna::: I will be close to him. Chunk scored us some awesome tickets.
Leni:::  Guys, stop everything!  We have an epic crisis on our hands! The band we got for tomorrow's big 'Cut a Rug' dance just dropped out!
Shelby::: Does that mean I can stop cutting?
Leni::: Not yet, Shelby. As head of the dance committee, I've got a plan. Luna, can the Moon Goats play?
Mazzy::: Aw, we can't! I slipped in that puddle outside math class and sprained my wrist.  
Sully::: Yeah, and when I was taking Mazzy to the school nurse, I slipped in the puddle outside her office and sprained my wrist too.  This school's got a really odd puddle problem.
Luna::: Well, I hope you guys find someone. I gotta jet. Time to get ready for Mick's concert. 
Sam:::  Luna, I just had the best idea: Get Mick to play the dance!
Luna:::  Hng? Come again?
Sully::: He'd totally do it for you, Luna. You're mates!  That's how they say friends in British.
Luna::: Uh, you know, I'd ask him, but I'm sure he's got a gig tomorrow night.
Sully::: Actually, he doesn't have a gig tomorrow night; I just checked his website. 
Leni::: Can you ask Mick?  Please?!
Moon Goats:::  Go get Mick! Go get Mick!
Chunk::: Your head's not into head-banging tonight. What's wrong, love? 
Luna::: My friends want me to get Mick to play the school dance because I let everyone believe we were mates. But what if he doesn't remember me?
Chunk::: Pfft! You're unforgettable! 
Luna:::  Mick! Remember, the breadsticks?! You wanna play my high school dance?!  It's not working, Chunk.
Chunk:::  Hey, use me light.
Luna::: Mick!
Mick::: A citizen of the rock and roll- Oh! Me peepers!
Luna::: New plan.  Other way, dudes! You're taking me to the Swagger swag booth! 
Chunk::: I've got ya, love.
Luna::: Thanks, Chunk.  Hey, what if I just slip him a note backstage?
Chunk::: You'd need a VIP pass to get you backstage, love. Lucky for you, I've got an old roadie trick for that.
Chunk::: Here's our VIP pass: Very Important Pizza. Got the note?
Luna:::  Dear Mick, it's your mate and number one fan, Luna Loud. It would be the coolest thing ever if you play my school dance tomorrow night. Rock on.
Chunk::: Oi, pizza delivery for Mr. Swagger.
Security Guard::: Hold it.
Luna:::  Nyah!
Security Guard::: Uh, what about the, uh, red pepper flakes?
Chunk::: It's a good thing I have extra pizza toppings on me. A roadie's always got to be prepared.  I even got pineapple if you want to get wild.
Security Guard::: You need to leave.
Mick::: Yeah, yeah, yeah, suga, sugaye! Yeah! Goodnight, Royal Woods!
Luna::: Now that everyone's gone, let's make sure Mick got my note.  Oh no! He threw it away! How am I gonna tell everyone that Mick's not playing the dance?!
Chunk::: Uh, sorry, love. Do you wanna share this pizza crust?
Luna::: Uh, Chunk, there's lipstick on that crust.
Sam::: Luna, how'd it go? Mick must have been so happy to see you.
Sully::: Did you talk about the breadsticks? What am I saying? Of course you did! Anyway, we're pumped to see him play!
Luna::: Actually, I need to talk to you dudes about that...
Mazzy::: Hold that thought. We need to show you something.
Leni::: Hey!
Shelby::: What do you think? We ditched the rug theme and went full Mick Swagger.
Leni::: It took all night and most of the school's puddle repair budget, but worth it!
Mazzy::: Yeah! The whole school is super stoked for the dance now.
Luna:::  Uh, whole school?
Principal Rivers::: Ooh! There's my hero! Thanks to you getting Mick, I'm no longer known as the principal of the school with the odd puddle problem.
Sam::: Oh, hey, what was that you were gonna tell us in the hallway?
Luna::: Uh, nothing! I mean, I found another puddle. Um, maybe I should tell Principal Rivers.
Chunk::: Can't you just tell your friends that you couldn't get Mick?
Luna::: It's beyond that, dude! Everybody in school thinks he's coming! Ugh! What was I thinking?  'Oh, hey, Luna, of course I'll play your dance. I don't have anything better to do. I'm just the biggest rock star on the planet.'
Chunk::: On the plus side, you'd do a right great Mick impersonation.
Luna::: Thanks, dude. I guess that's something.  Wait, that is something!
Principal Rivers::: Hey, kids, the gym looks great. I love your outfits. Enough with the chit-chat, where's Mick? I need a selfie with him to send all the other principals in town.
Luna::: Oh, uh, he's already backstage. He really needs his alone time before a show. Only close mates allowed. 
Principal Rivers::: Oh, of course. Must respect the artist's process. 
Luna:::  I'm gonna go check on Mick.
Sam::: Hurry. I want to watch the show together.
Chunk:::  All right, here's your outfit. I've got all Mick's songs ready on me laptop. All you gotta do is go out there and lip-sync.
Luna::: Got it. Let's hope this works.
Chunk::: Up-bup-bup. Don't forget your Mick mullet!  Break a leg!
Principal Rivers:::  Let's give a warm welcome to Mick Swagger!  Where's your band, Mick?
Luna:::  Uh, they all got a case of tour lice. Best they play behind a curtain, love.
Principal Rivers::: Oh, uh,  good thinking. OK, smile! 
Luna:::  Hello, Royal Woods High! Are you ready to rock?!
Audience::: Mick! Mick! Mick! Mick!
Luna:::   I'll be back in a tick. Just gotta use the loo.
Sam::: There you are. Mick's awesome so far.
Luna::: Oh yeah. I saw it from backstage.
Sam::: Should we get some punch before he goes back on?
Luna::: You know, I'll get it for us.
Luna:::  Blimey, me guitar string popped. BRB.  Here you go, love.  I mean, here, Sam.  You OK?
Sam::: Yeah, it's just that when I said I wanted to watch Mick Swagger with-- you, I meant with you.
Luna::: Uh...
Audience::: --Mick! Mick! Mick! Mick! Mick!
Sam::: You know?
Luna::: BRB!
Chunk::: In you go, love.
Sam::: Luna, what is going on? Have you been performing as Mick all night?!
Luna:::  Yeah. I tried to get him to play the dance, but I couldn't.
Principal Rivers:::  Great. Now I'm back to being Principal Puddles.
Sam::: Luna, why did you do this?
Luna:::  I told you guys that Mick and I had this amazing bond, and you all thought it was so cool. But the truth is, I couldn't get Mick to play, because we're not mates. He doesn't even know who I am.
Mick:::  There's my breadstick girl!  Hello, Luna, love.  Whoa, we're twinsies. Smashing!
Luna::: Mick, you showed up!
Mick::: Of course! I read your greasy letter in the pizza box. Besides, it's not a complete trip to Royal Woods if I don't see Luna Loud. I'm sorry we're late. You didn't write down the address, so we've been to every high school in the Tri-County Area. I hope we can still play the dance.
Principal Rivers::: You can, and you will. Selfie!
Mick::: Luna, since you're already in me duds, how about you join me for a double Mick duet?
Principal Rivers::: For once, our puddle problem worked out for me.
Sam::: What did I tell you? Best dance ever.
Luna:::  Thanks, love.
