Stella::: Hey, guys, I think I found something. Follow me.  Quick, up there.
Lincoln::: Make way, coming through.  It was pitch black, I couldn't see a thing.
Liam::: I don't know fellers and Stellers, I think we're on a goose chase.
Rusty::: No way! My cousin, Derrick, sworn that there was a secret game room somewhere in this school.
Zach::: But, we've checked every hallway from here to the boiler room.
Stella::: Hey, guys,  over here, check this out.
Liam::: Well, hash my browns.
Zach::: I knew it! This is where they experiment on kids!
Lincoln::: No, Zach, this is clearly an old news studio. The school must've had a show or something.
Rusty:::  Check out the vintage news cuties.
Zach:::  Dude, gross, that's my mom!
Lincoln::: Hey guys, I just had a great idea. We could be the next news team.
Clyde::: So fun, and, it would be a great way for us to spend more time together at school.
Zach::: Camera still works.
Stella::: I'm Stella <abbr title=Pronounced as Zow>Zhau</abbr>, and I say; let's do this. Wait, where's Rusty?
Rusty:::  There's just something about those eyes of hers.
Zach:::  Dude! 
Rusty::: What? You should take it as a compliment.
Liam::: Umm… Maybe we were in her blindspot.
Clyde:::  Meryl? Yoohoo, Meryl.  Oh, she's watching that soap opera, Southern Hospitality, Jackson just came back from the dead, only to find his long lost fiancé, had fallen into a coma.  I try to stay current.
Meryl:::  Ooh! Can't a girl get some quiet around here?  Okay, now what do y'all noisy little jitterbugs need? But hurry, my show's back from commercial in thirty seconds.
Zach::: Well we found an old news set, it was pretty cool. Rusty dented the camera when he dropped it.
Rusty::: Why would you tell her that?
Lincoln::: We need to talk to Principal Ramirez. It's urgent.
Meryl::: Well, I don't know, she's with someone.  Ooh, it's back on, just go on in. 
Lincoln::: And that's why we are absolutely perfect to restart the news show. A-thank you.
Principal Ramirez::: Well, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but there's a reason we ended that news show… nobody watched it. The Daily Marsupial called it… 'a punishment worse than detention.' 
Stella::: But, our show could be different.
Clyde::: I have news experience. 
Rusty::: And this face was made to be on TV.
Principal Ramirez:::  I don't know.
Lincoln::: Please give us a chance, we already practiced our action news team pose.
Principal Ramirez::: Fine, I'll give you a shot.
Zach::: We're going live in 5… 4… 3… 2… 
Lincoln::: Good morning Royal Woods Middle School! I'm Lincoln Loud.
Clyde::: And I'm Clyde McBride!
Lincoln & Clyde::: And kangaroo… this is your news!
Clyde::: Breaking news, today is Mr. Bolhofner's birthday. We've got reporter Stella <abbr title=Pronounced as Zow>Zhau</abbr>, live on the scene.
Stella::: That's right Clyde, I'm here with the birthday boy. Mr. B, how does it feel to turn sixty-two?
Mr. Bolhofner:::  I'm thirty-four!
Lincoln::: Now Rusty Spokes with sports.
Liam:::  Rusty, you're live.
Rusty:::  I'm here, with the soccer team's captain, Lynn Loud. 
Lynn::: Ugh, Rusty, we're trying to practice here.
Rusty::: Lynn! Wait!  How are you feeling about today's game against Hazeltucky?
Lynn:::  More like Hazel… lucky if they score a goal.  Don't move, I need to run a few drills.
Rusty::: That's today's sports news, Lincoln and Clyde, back to-
Lincoln & Clyde::: Ooh.
Clyde::: Kicking it with Lynn Loud is definitely not a goal of mine.
Lincoln::: Let's check back in with Stella, who's learning how to whip up that famous cafeteria one bean chilli.
Stella::: I'm here with Chef Pat!  And together, we're cookin' up some trouble.  Is that a shoe?
Clyde::: Well, that's the news for today.
Lincoln::: From all of us here at Action News. Have a hoppy day kangaroos.
Zach::: That's a wrap.
Liam, Stella, & Rusty:::  How did we do?
Lincoln::: I think we... nailed it!
Clyde::: I can't wait to hear what everyone thought about our first episode.
Principal Ramirez::: Everyone hated your first episode. Sorry, I'm going to have to cancel the show.
Lincoln::: What?!
Clyde::: How's that possible?
Principal Ramirez::: Your action news had no action and no news, no one found it interesting except for Mr. Bolhofner. Who is suing the school.
Lincoln::: Well, what if we can change that? What if we can come up with a really great story that will hook people?
Principal Ramirez:::  Alright, I'll give you twenty-four hours.
Zach::: Ooh! I got the story. We investigate undercover aliens posing as teachers at our school.
Lincoln::: Still a no Zach.
Zach:::  Okay, you'll be sorry when Mr. Googenheimer starts his invasion.
Rusty::: I'm back with the snacks.  But don't hate, the vending machine and the cafeteria both sold out of popcorn again. Which is weird, cause it's supposed to be restocked every morning.
Stella::: That is weird. Who could be snapping up all the popcorn before anyone else can get to it?
Lincoln::: Guys, this could be the story we need to save our show.
Lincoln::: There's the truck, Liam start recording.  Let's go!
Rusty::: Make way!  I got him! And he smells terrible!
Zach:::  Good job, Rust, you caught trash.
Stella::: And the real culprit got away.
Lincoln::: That's alright, we still have some good footage, let's go show Principal Ramirez.
Principal Ramirez::: Now this is a news story. But, who's the culprit?
Lincoln::: Umm… We don't know yet, but we're really close.
Principal Ramirez::: Well, now I gotta see how this turns out, I'll give you the rest of the week to crack it.
Lincoln::: Yes! You can count on the Action News Team.
Principal Ramirez:::  Just get out.
Zach::: There's the driver, right on time.
Rusty::: Zach! You've been there the whole time? We thought you overslept.
Zach::: It's called camouflage, Rusty.
Liam::: Hey, y'all, where the heck's the popcorn culprit?
Lincoln::: Guess he's a no show. At least we can still talk to the driver.  Action News Team! Do you have anything to say about the popcorn situation?  We saw you meet with someone yesterday. Who have you been selling all the school's popcorn to?
Driver::: What are you talking about? Today's my first day, the last guy got transferred to Indianapolis.
Zach::: Popcorn perp must have arranged it, he must be onto us.
Stella::: Wait, but why did you run from us?
Driver::: You see a weird looking bush coming at you, your instincts tell you to run.
Clyde::: Well what do we do now?
Zach::: We need to find a way to lure the culprit out of hiding.
Lincoln::: I've got a plan! Zach, we're gonna need your tracker, and Clyde's spice kit.
Clyde::: If the culprit likes popcorn, there's no way he'll be able to resist… Clyde's famous rosemary parm corn.
Lincoln::: Okay guys, we'll take turns watching the tracker. Settle in, this could be a while.
Stella:::  Popcorn on the move. It's showtime.
Lincoln::: Come on, let's go.
Zach::: They're heading to the wharf.
Lincoln::: He's making a break for Canada!
Rusty::: Oh no he's not! Liam, gonna wanna film this.  Time to shine!
Liam::: Don't worry, Rust, I got it.
Lincoln::: Well, without a story, I guess this is the end of the road for the Action News Team.  Guys look.  It's a ferry ticket and it's timestamped from last night. The culprit must be in the building.
Stella::: Let's go find him. The Action News Team is back in business!  Right, we can… We can do the pose later.
Liam::: Look y'all, a popcorn kernel, and there's a whole trail of 'em.  Ha, good grits, and I thought Meemaw was a messy eater.
Lincoln:::  The door's locked.
Rusty::: Step aside.  Liam, you're gonna wanna film this.
Liam::: Don't worry, Rust, I got it.
Stella::: Bingo.
Lincoln::: Okay this is it, let's do this.  Action News Team! We're coming in!  Meryl? You're the one who's been taking all the school's popcorn?
Meryl::: Oh, I'm so sorry, I just wanted a quiet place to watch my soaps, and nothing soundproofs like popcorn.  Oh, please don't air this, kids, I could lose my job.
Lincoln::: We would never do that Meryl, even if it means we don't have a story. Which means we don't have a show.
Meryl::: Awe, y'all are the sweetest.  Wait, I know of another big story that'll save your show.
Clyde::: For years, it's been a legend, but no one's been able to find it. Until now!
Lincoln::: Thanks to an anonymous tip, the action news team has uncovered… The school's secret game room.  Well that's our report for today.
Clyde::: We've got some games to play.
Principal Ramirez:::  Bravo, I've been looking for this room for years. Great work team, you can keep your show.  Now Meryl, you up for a round of air hockey?
Meryl::: You bet your biscuits.  Oh, and Zach, I owe you a new tracker.
Zach::: It's all good.
Rusty::: GUYS, I just got a new lead on another story. Rumour has it, there's a hot tub in the Teachers' Lounge.
Lincoln::: The Action News Team is on the case.
