Colonel Austin::: More zombies, better put a little distance between us.  Well Goldie, looks like we just gave ourselves a new leash on life.
Clyde::: Colonel Austin is such a boss! Taking out zombies, and lightening the mood.
TV Announcer::: Swarm of the Zombies will return after these messages. And stick around, the all-night movie marathon continues with parts two through five.
Lincoln::: We're not going anywhere.
Lynn Sr.::: Alright my little zombie heads, let's go, time for bed.
Clyde:::  Mmm-hmm.
Lincoln::: Okay, Dad. Come on, Clyde. 
Clyde::: Wait, what? 
Lynn Sr.::: I said, it's t-  Wow, that was easier than I expected.  Oh, wait, Clyde, I promised your dads a timestamped picture of you on your way to bed, here we go.
Clyde::: I can't believe you gave up so fast, Lincoln, I was expecting a big protest with slides, and maybe even some well-timed tears.
Lincoln::: No need for that my friend, because I knew this would happen, and I have a backup plan: we're gonna sneak out and watch the rest of the marathon in Lisa's bunker.
Clyde::: Great idea, but how are we gonna break through her security system?
Lincoln::: Oh please, the code is her birthday. Lisa may be a genius, but she's terrible at creating passcodes.
TV Announcer::: And now, back to Swarm of the Zombies Part Two: Runaway Brain.
Colonel Austin::: We may not be able to stop these freaks, but we can slow them down.
TV Announcer::: We now return to Part Three: Brain Man.
Colonel Austin::: Don't worry, nobody's getting into our secret hideout, Goldie.  Hey zombies, got some fresh brains for you, skull to table.
TV Announcer::: Now, back to Part Four: Citizen Brain.  And now, back to the exciting conclusion of Part Five: Nothing Ventured Nothing Brained.
Colonel Austin:::  Wanna do the honors, Goldie?
Lincoln::: I knew they could do it!  Ooh, it's 7:00 AM, we better sneak back up to my room.  Oh, good, no one's up yet.
Lincoln::: Hmm, I guess they are up.
Clyde::: Pretty early for a Saturday, isn't it?
Lincoln::: I wonder where they are.  Mom?! Dad?!  They're gone too? I'd better call them.  Huh, no service.
Clyde:::  No electricity either.
Lincoln::: This is weird, come on.  Mr. Grouse?
Clyde::: His place is empty too, and it looks like he left in a hurry.
Lincoln::: Hmm, empty houses, abandoned streets, no power. If I didn't know better, I'd swear we woke up in a zombie apocalypse.
Clyde::: Ha, that's funny. It does kinda look like it, the only thing missing is an actual-
Lincoln and Clyde::: Zombie!
Lincoln::: Run!
Clyde::: We lost it, but who knows how many more are out here?  Do you think they got our families?
Lincoln::: I doubt it. Lynn's a blackbelt and Lola's a biter.
Clyde::: Yeah, and my dads are really tough. They once fought off fifty angry shoppers for antique candelabra.
Lincoln::: Listen, Clyde, we knew this day would come. Right now, let's get to our secret hideout for supplies and zombie-fighting gear.
Clyde::: Good call.
Both:::  Clincoln McCloud.
Clyde::: Mind if we stop at the Burpin' Burger? I need to use the bathroom. I know it's for paying customers,  but I really have to go.
Lincoln::: It's the apocalypse, Clyde. I think that rule is out the window.
Clyde::: Huh, looks like everyone left here in a hurry, too.
Lincoln:::  Or were attacked by zombies.  Clyde?  The zombies.
Clyde:::  Never mind, I'll pee later!
Lincoln::: Remember what Colonel Austin said? We might not be able to stop them, but we can slow 'em down.
Clyde:::  Clincoln.
Lincoln:::  McCloud.
Lincoln::: Okay, Flip's looks zombie free.  Grab what you can, I put a ton of cheese and crackers in our secret hideout, but that was like, five years ago.
Flip::: Freeze bozos!  There are no freebies in Flip's house.
Lincoln & Clyde:::  Flip.
Clyde::: He's alive!
Flip::: Freeze bozos!
Lincoln & Clyde::: Huh?
Recording::: There are no freebies in Flip's house.
Clyde::: Do you think the zombies got him?
Lincoln::: I hope not. He's got the secret recipe for flippees.
Clyde::: Eat congealed cheese, zombie!
Lincoln::: Quick! Into the secret hideout.
Lincoln:::  Ooh, I think we got something.
Mayor Davis::: This is Mayor Davis, if there are any stragglers out there, I urge you to please come to the mall.
Lola::: Lincoln! Clyde! She's talking to YOU! GET YOUR BUTTS DOWN HERE!
Rita::: Lola! Give that back to the mayor.
Lincoln:::  Yes!
Clyde:::  Our families are okay!  Now, we just need to get to them. 
Lincoln:::  Clyde, wait.
Clyde::: More zombies?! What do we do?  I know, throw our spiciest jerky at them and give them heartburn.
'Lincoln::: Or,  We borrow another move from Colonel Austin. 
Clyde:::  Fresh brains over here, and you're gonna wanna munch on mine, I just aced my math test.
Lincoln::: Let's move.  Good job on that test, by the way, I know you studied really hard.  Another zombie! We gotta lose it; or we'll be leading it straight to our families!
Clyde::: Quick, grab a branch!
Lincoln:::  Zombs away.
Lincoln:::  Quick, open that freezer door.  Let's get to the mall.
Clyde:::  Even more zombies? It's like they're multiplying.
Lincoln::: Come on! I've got an idea.  Time to take out the trash.  Come on, let's go!  Good thing we kept backup clothes in the secret hideout.
Clyde:::  Yeah, but I wish I hadn't gone so formal.
Lincoln::: There's the mall! We made it!  Dang it, we forgot the roundabout at 4th and Maple!
Clyde::: Oh no, we doomed our families!
Lincoln::: It's not too late! We can still stop them from getting inside. Let's gear up! 
Clyde::: Right, brain protectors.
Lincoln::: Here goes, everything.
Clyde::: We're out of juice!
Lincoln::: Forget the blasters, hand to hand combat!
Rita::: Lincoln! Clyde!  You're hurting your fathers!
Lincoln & Clyde::: Huh?
Lincoln:::  Sorry, Dad.
Clyde:::  Sorry Dads.
Lincoln::: We thought you were zombies. We've been fighting them all day.
Lynn Sr.:::  No you haven't, you've been fighting us.
Lincoln & Clyde::: What?
Howard:::  We've been trying to find you. See, there was a big storm last night.
Mayor Davis::: This is Mayor Davis, I urge all citizens of Royal Woods to evacuate to the mall.  We have supplies and a generator so you can wait out the storm there.
Lynn Sr.::: I can't find Lincoln and Clyde! Take the girls to the mall, the McBrides and I will find the boys.
Lynn Sr::: We've been chasing you, boys, all over town, yelling our voices out.
Clyde::: So all the zombies we thought we attacked were really  you guys?  Wow, we're really sorry.
Rita::: So where were you during the storm?
Lincoln:::  Uh,  watching the 'Swarm of the Zombies' marathon in Lisa's bunker.
Lisa:::  What?! Impossible! How did you crack my passcode?
Everyone else::: It's your birthday.
Lisa::: Dang it.
Rita::: Normally, we would punish you for sneaking out of the house like that, but I think you've been through enough today.
Lynn Sr.:::  They've been through enough?! I've got melted cheese everywhere! 
Lincoln::: We're really sorry about that, Dad.
Clyde::: And the ice at the grocery store.
Lincoln::: And the branches at the park.
Clyde::: And the garbage can at the Burpin' Burger.
Howard:::  I didn't go to the Burpin Burger.
Lynn Sr.::: Neither did I.
Harold::: Neither did I.
Flip:::  Oh yeah! Free burgers! they might be cold, but Flip ain't complainin'.
