Fiona::: Guys, the way Ms. Carmichael had us running around this morning, I did not think we'd survive until lunch.
Miguel::: No joke, I am beyond starving.
Leni::: Where should we grab food today?
Miguel:::  Ooh, what about the new dim sum place?
Fiona::: Oh, dream on. The line goes all the way down to the discount flip-flops store, we'd never have enough time. You know how Ms. C gets if we're even a millisecond late.
Miguel::: Ugh.
Leni::: Well, we better hurry and pick something else to eat.
Miguel::: OK, um, burger. No! Smoothie. Ugh! So much pressure! Why can't we have both?
Fiona::: Yeah, officially Miguel's worst idea.
Leni::: Yeah, these bacon cheeseburger smoothies are...  chewy.
Miguel::: I'm sorry, I panicked. I didn't want to make us late for Ms. C. She's such a drillster.  Drill sergeant, just made it up.
Leni::: That's brill!
Miguel::: You're learning.
Fiona::: Seriously, Ms. C is so nitpicky.
Ms. Carmichael::: Fiona, this week's Sweater Salute is 'Hip-Hip-Hur-Rayon'. These sweaters are cotton. You need to switch them out and start again. Now, let's hear that salute.
Fiona:::  Hip, hip, hur... Rayon.
Ms. Carmichael::: Nice work, Miguel, but now it's time to change the mannequins into their mid-morning attire, be sure to iron everything first, including the inside pockets, we don't want wrinkles in our store image, do we?
Ms. Carmichael::: Chop, chop, I needed those unloaded yesterday, and don't damage the boxes, I wanna reuse them for my sister's move.
Fiona::: Ms. C sucks all the fun out of retail, don't you agree, Leni?
Leni::: I can see both sides, I mean, you guys have legit gripes, but, Ms. C isn't always demanding.
Fiona::: Ugh, it's her.  Staff meeting as soon as you clock in from lunch.
Miguel::: If that woman mentions boxes again, I'll scream.
Leni:::  And if you see any empty boxes on your way back from the food...
Ms. Carmichael::: So, exciting news: I've been selected to represent our district at this weekend's sock folding conference. While I'm away, one of you will cover as temporary manager.  Congratulations.
Fiona::: Oh, wow!
Leni:::  You want me to read the name of the new manager off your clipboard?  Oh, it's me?  This is like a dream come true!
Ms. Carmichael::: Just keep an eye on the store's calendar of events and my daily checklist and you'll do fine. I'll be leaving tomorrow, so you'll start then. 
Miguel::: Congratulations, Leni, I know you're gonna be a way better boss than Ms. C.
Lori::: Hey, Leni. Oh, sorry about the smell, I just dropped off Lynn's softball team, phew, how was work?
Leni:::  Great. Ms. Carmichael made me the temporary manager.
Lori:::  Wow. You don't sound happy about it.
Leni::: No, I am. It's just Miguel and Fiona think Ms. C is a zero-fun drillster, I don't want them to feel that way about me. I wanna do a good job and be a good friend. Is that even possible? 
Lori::: Of course it is. Look, as long as you're getting the work done, you can be as fun a boss as you want.
Leni:::  Wow Lori, you know absolutely everything!
Lori:::  I literally do.  Wait, what's a drillster?
Miguel::: ...and I made it clear, I refuse to date anyone wearing cargo shorts.
Fiona::: Right? it's like; what do they need all those pockets for? What are they hiding?  Wait, what is all this?
Miguel::: Ham and scallion scones with lemon herb chèvre? My fave breakfast.
Fiona::: Iced chai latte with organic coconut milk? Did we die and go to retail heaven?
Leni:::  Good morning, fashion makers!
Miguel::: Leni, did you do all of this?
Leni::: Just a little something to help my fave frien-ployees to get through the day.
Fiona:::  Store, Funager. What's a funager?
Leni:::  This gal right here! Like a manager, but fun, I'm gonna make sure work is totes amazing.
Miguel:::  Well, you're off to a great start.
Fiona:::  I'll say.  What?
Miguel:::  Nothing.
Fiona::: Okay, two down, only five-hundred more sweaters to go.
Miguel::: Well, at least we don't have the drillster here telling us what-
Leni:::  Um, guys, you're doing it wrong. As funager, I think you should be having  way more fun, with a sweater-folding contest.  Winner gets this~.
Miguel::: Is that a limited edition Cloris the Loris Sparkle plush?!
Fiona:::  Miguel, You. Are. Going. DOWN!-
Miguel:::  You're-- on!  I've got nothing to lose!
Leni::: Welcome to the mannequins fashion show, featuring celeb stylist, Miguel!
Miguel::: And here's Tanya, all glammed up for some Royal Woods nightlife.  She really dazzles in a fandango-pink romper and kicky vinyl boots.
Leni:::  Runway selfie! Get in here, Tanya! 
Leni::: ... and restock the fanny packs, che-check. Guys, that's everything on Ms. C's list.
Fiona::: This morning went by so fast, I can't believe it's already lunch. Ready to go Leni?
Leni::: Actually, you go without me. As Funager, I need to stay and hold down the fort.
Miguel::: Well, if you're sure.  Let's hurry Fiona, we've only got a half-hour and I will not relive,  burger shake incident.
Leni::: No wait, you both worked so hard this morning, and you got everything done. So I insist you take a long lunch, that way, you can try,  the new dim sum place!
Fiona:::  Oh my gosh! Leni, you are the best boss in the entire universe!
Miguel::: I second that.
Cloris the Loris::: And I third it.
Fiona:::  We know you won the Loris, Miguel. You don't have to rub it in.
Cloris the Loris::: Gosh, somebody's angry.
Lori::: Hey Len.
Leni:::  OMGosh, Lori! I did what you said. I was a funager! This morning was a blast, we got all the work done, and Miguel and Fiona are still my friends! You really do know everything.
Lori:::  I literally do.  Wait, what's a funager? Leni, Leni-
Leni:::  Bye.
Leni::: Hmm, what is that?  Oh yay, a surprise visit from Pop-Pop and Myrtle.  What the heck is going on?  Saturday, Saturday, Sat-  Oh-no, today is the annual Senior Shop-aganza. How could I forget the busiest day of the year?  Tanya, I was so busy trying to make stuff fun for  Miguel and Fiona, I forgot to check the calendar. What do I do?  I know, but if I ask them to come back early from lunch, I'm a bad friend.  You're right, you're always right.  I'll call.
Miguel::: Leni.
Fiona::: Our dumpling dreams are about to come true, all thanks to you!
Miguel:::  Love you, Leni bear.
Fiona:::  Best funager ever.  So what's up?
Leni::: Uh, never mind, I just wanted to say hi to my fave frien-ployees. Bye!  Don't give me that look, I'll just have to cover the senior rush.  Alone.
Albert:::  Hey, Leni-penny.
Scoots::: Okay, listen up. I need you to check the balances on all these gift cards.
Leni::: I'd be happy to.
Scoots:::  Kill the pep and get to swiping!
Albert::: Hey there, Leni.
Leni::: Hi Pop-Pop, hi Myrtle.
Albert::: Your Gran-Gran here signed us up for a five K marathon; I don't know how the heck I'm gonna run five thousand miles.
Myrtle:::  Silly goose, it's five thousand meters, not miles. So Leni, we're gonna need matching active wear.
Leni::: Got it, let me see what we have in the back.
Senior Male Hat Customer::: Yah! Help! I'm trapped in this hat.
Leni::: Aah! Tanya, no! We can fix you!
Male Senior Gift Wrap Customer::: Missy! Stop playin' with that mannequin! I needed this wrapped  yesterday!
Leni::: Coming!
Scoots::: Don't forget my gift cards! I was here first!
Leni::: On my way!  Tanya you were right, I can't do this alone, I have to tell Miguel and Fiona to come back.  They're gonna think I'm a drillster and probably won't wanna be friends anymore, but Ms. C made me manager, and right now, the store comes first.
Miguel::: Leni, you are talking to literal ghosts right now, cause we've died and gone to dim sum heaven.
Leni::: I'm so sorry you guys, but you have to come back to the store.
Fiona::: Oh Leni, your impression of Ms. C is dead on.
Leni::: I mean it, we are swamped with seniors, Tanya lost her head, and I need you both back here, right now.  Guys! Miguel, I need you at the cosmetics counter ASAP, we have ten seniors who need you phenom makeup skills.  Fiona, I need your creative flair at the gift wrap counter, right now.
Albert:::  Well I'll be horse-whipped, this is surprisingly airy.
Myrtle::: Thank you so much, Leni, I'm gonna come here for all my fashion emergencies.
Scoots::: The service here isn't so lousy, and that's high praise comin' from Scoots.
Leni::: Always appreciated.  Bye, Scoots.
Fiona::: That was brutal.
Miguel::: Right? I'm beyond starving. Wanna grab some food?
Fiona::: More than I ever have in my life.
Leni::: Well, thanks for your help tonight guys, I really appreciate it, enjoy your dinner, I'll see you in the morning.
Miguel:::  'Aren't you coming with us?
Leni::: You mean, you want me to?
Fiona:::  Um, why wouldn't we?
Leni::: I just thought you, you wouldn't wanna be my friends anymore.
Miguel::: Girl, what are you talking about?
Leni:::  I was a total drillster like Ms. C and made you come back to help when I was supposed to be the funager.
Fiona::: Leni, it was the Senior Shop-aganza, of course, you had to ask us to come back.
Miguel::: This was an awesome day, you were able to balance work and fun.
Fiona::: We still think you're the best boss in the universe.
Cloris the Loris::: And I still think so too.
Leni:::  You guys are the best.
Miguel::: So, food?
Leni::: I know just where to go.
Miguel::: Ah, now our dumpling dreams really are coming true, because we're all here together.
Waiter::: Are you ready to order?
Leni::: I was wondering if we could split the dumpling combo. 
Waiter::: Absolutely, shouldn't be a prob-  ...lem.
Leni:::  Oh, Tanya.
