Trailer:::She's scared of cats, but powerless without this feline.
Marinette::: Huh?That is so not true. I'm not scared of cats.
Trailer::: Cat Noir and Ladybug: two heroes facing their destiny. Coming soon to theaters.
Thomas::: The real Cat Noir and Ladybug won't be able to make it to tonight's premiere, but I hope that they'll love my movie as much as we love them.
Marinette::: Meh, I'll be the judge of that.
Tikki::: You turned down an invitation to the premiere?
Marinette::: I'm a superhero, Tikki, not a star. It's my job to protect the city, not sit around at a movie premiere.
Tikki::: Well said, Marinette
Nadja::: The premiere will be attended by many illustrious guests including the rockstar Jagged, the famous fashion designer Gabriel, and his teen idol son who voiced Cat Noir, Adrien Agreste.
Marinette:::Adrien?! Adrien's gonna be there? Oh no! Ladybug so should have said yes.
Tikki::: 
Tom::: So we've got six hundred macarons plus eight hundred petit fours not to mention the Ladybug and Cat Noir tiered cakes.
Sabine::: We should have hired someone to help us serve all these guests at the premiere.
Marinette::: Do you mean the premiere for the Ladybug and Cat noir animated movie?
Tom::: Yes.
Marinette:::Me, me, me! I can totally help you out with that. 
Tom:::You mean, as a server?
Marinette::: Yes. I'll hand the macarons out to Adrien. I mean......to everybody, of course. Not just Adrien 'cause Adrien's not the only one who likes macarons.
Sabine:::And the fact that Adrien is going to be there has nothing with it, of course.
Marinette::: Not a thing. Like, not in the slightest. I just want to help out my wonderful sweet parents who I love so much.
Marinette:::You guys don't trust me. Then again, I'm such a klutz. Even I wouldn't trust me. 
Tom::: Of course you're not a klutz, my darling. You're hired. We'll just—
Marinette:::Oh, thank you! You're the best parents in the world! 
Sabine::: We'll just make twice the number of macarons. Just in case.
Marinette::: This is going to be such an amazing night! I need something amazing to wear. And last, but definitely not least, the amazing macaron.Ta Da!
Tikki::: Er, don't you think your father's 800 macarons will be plenty?
Marinette::: No, Tikki. Adrien deserves a special macaron to show him just how special he is. To me. Just picture it! He's expecting a regular macaron, but I give him this macaroon. He takes one bite and says......oh, Marinette. It's passionfruit, my favorite! How do you know me this well when I'm so secretive? So then I answer, it's because you're so special to me, Adrien. I feel like I've known you forever! So then he says to me—
Tikki::: Wait! Is this why you bake a single macaron every Sunday?
Marinette::: Who knows when the perfect opportunity is going to come up? And Adrien cannot have a stale macaron.
Tikki::: Of course not.
Nadja::: Don't be bemused, it's just the news. Nadja Chamack coming to you live from the premiere we've all been waiting for: the brand new animated movie of the adventures of Cat Noir and Ladybug. The gorgeous Laura Nightingale, who sang all the songs in the movie, has just arrived!
Doorman::: Good evening, Laura! I'm your biggest fan. 
Doorman::: This is a private event, sir.
Thomas::: Huh? Excuse me? I'm Thomas Astruc, the movie director. 
Doorman::: You filmed Cat Noir and Ladybug? What are they like in real life?
Thomas::: Er, it's an animated movie. It's all cartoon characters. We don't actually film anyone. See, there's this whole team that draw the chara—
Doorman::: Whatever. Who would want to see Ladybug and Cat Noir as cartoon characters? 
Tom::: So put your thumbs here and look straight ahead.
Marinette::: Uh, shouldn't there be macarons on the tray?
Sabine::: Yes, yes. We'll put them on as soon as you're ready.
Marinette::: Dad, Mom! I am totally ready. Trust me, I'll be super-duper careful.
Tom:::Oh, our little girl's spreading her wings.
Jagged::: Ladybug is one of my best buds! I can't wait to see her movie!
Thomas::: Well I'm— I'm the director, so actually it's more my movie, so to speak.
Jagged::: Oh, so you're the one who created the story?
Thomas::: Well, technically the screen writers wrote the story, inspired by Ladybug's exploits.
Jagged::: Oh, ok. So you did all the drawings?
Thomas::: No, no. The animators do all the drawings.
Jagged::: So what do you do then?
Thomas::: Well I—
Jagged::: Woah. Hey Marinette! Now she can draw! She does it all herself. Just check out these groovy sunglasses here she made!
Thomas::: Well, that's impressive.
Jagged::: She even designed my album cover! 
Marinette:::Er, thanks. Er, macarons? 
Tom::: Phew. So far so good.
Sabine::: 
Sabine::: Uh-oh. She's seen him.
Marinette:::Adrien, you're so normal to me. No, special to me. Oh, I'll never get it right.
Marinette::: No!
Marinette::: No!
Chloé:::You! Go fetch me a chocolate macaron, but make sure it's dark chocolate, not milk chocolate. Got that?
Thomas::: But I'm not a waiter. I'm the movie director.
Chloé::: Oh, really? So you're the one responsible for this movie?
Thomas::: Yes, yes! Exactly! That's me!
Chloé::: Then you were the one who left Queen Bee out of the trailer. You're lame, utterly lame. 
Chloé::: And what were you thinking hiring Dupain-Cheng as a waitress?
Thomas::: I didn't hire her!
Chloé:::Actually, it's a really good thing you're doing the serving, Dupain-Cheng, because that means while I'm watching the movie with Adrien, you'll be washing dishes! 
Marinette::: Excuse me. Sorry! Excuse me. Sorry! Excuse me. 
Nathalie::: Adrien, you're expected to welcome the Tsurugis.
Marinette:::Ah! 
Chloé and Marinette in unison:::Oh no! Not her! Huh? Stop it! You're copying me! Quit it! No, you quit it! 
Marinette::: Do you know her?
Chloé:::I don't just know her, I despise her.
Chloé:::What do you think you're doing sitting next to my Adrikins?That's my seat. 
Kagami:::Don't ever touch me again. Don't ever speak to me again. Don't ever look at me again.
Adrien::: Kon ban wa Tsurugi-sanDozo yoroshiku onegaishimasu
Mrs. Tsurugi::: Gabriel-san. Per our discussion at our last meeting, I've brought these documents.
Gabriel::: Domo arigato, Tsurugi-san. 
Nathalie::: Please follow me. 
Adrien::: I'm glad to see you again, Kagami!
Kagami::: Me too, Adrien. 
Chloé:::Okay. We need a plan.
Marinette::: What do you mean, a plan?
Chloé:::A plan! You know, a seat chart of the theater!I don't believe this! Adrien and Kagami are going to be sitting next to each other while I'm two rows behind!? Utterly ridiculous!
Marinette::: Yeah, well, I don't even have a seat so—
Chloé::: If we get rid of Kagami before the movie starts, there'll be an extra seat for you.
Marinette::: We can't do that!
Chloé::: Remember what you said to me once, Marinette? All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good people do nothing.Well today, the evil is her and the good people are us!
Marinette::: I'm not too sure about this.
Chloé::: Fine! Keep on not being sure about it and tomorrow, Adrien and Kagami will be on a plane headed for Japan!
Marinette::: Adrien? Japan? There's no way!
Chloé::: You think? They're already going to the movies together, their parents are signing papers together. 
Marinette:::We can't let her do that!
Tikki::: Marinette! Surely you're not gonna team up with Chloé?!
Marinette::: I'm just stopping Kagami from kidnapping Adrien and taking him off to Japan. He's too nice to see what she's really up to!
Adrien::: Well I'm more of a dog person... 
Chloé::: Alright.Garbage bag, ladle and what?I asked you to get some rope!
Marinette::: All I could find was this cooking string. You know, for tying up roasts.
Chloé::: Do I look like someone who knows anything about cooking roasts? 
Marinette::: Hey, wait!
Marinette::: Chloé! We can't do this!
Chloé::: Listen, Marinette! If we don't sacrifice a few macarons now Adrien is going to be eating sushi for the rest of his life!
Chloé::: You better not screw this up, Dupain-Cheng.
Marinette:::I'm doing this for you, Adrien.
Thomas::: Woah!
Children::: Ladybug! Where's Ladybug?
Thomas::: Hey, kids!
Teacher::: Ladybug isn't here children. We came here to meet the director of the movie.
Children::: Aw.
Chloé:::Hold this for me.
Marinette::: Thank you, Adrien! 
Marinette::: Here, Adrien. This is, uh, your favorite flavored macaron. Er, of course I'm just guessing. I mean, how would I know, right?But people do sometimes prefer some things to other things so... Here!
Adrien::: Uh… thanks, Marinette!
Chloé::: What were you doing with that macaron? That was not part of the plan!
Adrien::: Kagami is something wrong?
Kagami::: These shoes belonged to my grandmother.
Chloé::: Hah! This is a part of the plan.
Adrien::: Sit down. I'll help you.
Chloé::: Phase two, Dupain-Cheng.
Marinette::: Can you please autograph this for me, Jagged? 
Mrs. Tsurugi::: Kagami! 
Child::: But if you didn't make the story or the drawings, then you didn't do anything.
Thomas::: What's happening?
Children::: Eww!
Thomas::: This macaron contains almonds!I specifically told you that I'm allergic to almonds!
Tom::: We were so careful about that. All the macarons are made from coconut.
Marinette::: Uh, oh. All but one!
Thomas::: What? What in the- Who put this cake on this seat!?
Marinette::: I should have known! How could one of Chloé's plans end in anything but disaster?
Thomas::: I spent three years of my life working day in day out for this! What was meant to be my night is ruined! 
Sabine::: I'll take those, Tom. 
Thomas::: Oh, nobody could care less about me. 
Hawk Moth::: Ah! The behind-the-scenes creator who never gets any of the credit. The perfect type of injustice for my akumas.Fly away, creature of the dark and evilize his broken heart!
Hawk Moth:::Animaestro. You're going to show everyone who you really are with a power as limitless as your imagination. All I ask in return are Cat Noir and Ladybug's miraculous.
Thomas::: I want them all to see what a director is capable of! 
Mrs. Tsurugi::: Now I understand why Kagami speaks so much about you. Your father has raised you to be a refined young man! 
Marinette::: The plan is a total disaster! Adrien and Kagami are even closer now than they were before.
Chloé::: You ruined EVERYTHING, Dupain-Cheng. What was it with that macaron, anyway?
Marinette::: Er. It was a special passion fruit macaron.
Chloé::: But that's the favorite of... No. Don't tell me that!You've got a crush on ADRIEN!That is ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous. You're a nobody in his eyes and you'll always be a nobody. Watch, I'll prove it.Adrikins!
Doorman:::Who are you? You can't come- wah!
Animaestro::: So you really think a director does nothing? Let me show you exactly what I'm capable of.
Chloé::: Come on! Get a grip! Hey, Adrikins. You'll never guess- 
Animaestro::: Oh, come on! Don't leave! The show's just getting started!
Animaestro::: Roar! 
Marinette::: I promise I'll never take Chloé's advice again!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Cat Noir::: We'd have come to your movie premiere if we'd have known how upset you were gonna get.
Animaestro::: Cat Noir and Ladybug.
Ladybug::: What's with that trailer too? I am not scared of cats, at all.
Animaestro::: You haven't even seen the movie and you're already slamming it?
Cat Noir::: He does have a point, you know.
Ladybug::: I wasn't slamming it. It's called constructive criticism! 
Cat Noir::: Nice work, M’lady.
Animaestro::: So it's always about you, isn't it? From now on, everybody will be looking at me!Let's see how much you enjoy the true power of animation.
Animaestro::: I am the only true hero.
Cat Noir::: Stay behind me M'lady
Ladybug::: Are you okay, Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Watch out!How do you beat a 2D character?
Ladybug::: The only thing that doesn't change when he transforms is his mask.
Cat Noir::: The akuma must be in it.
Animaestro::: Fear the power of cartoons!
Ladybug::: How about you fear the power of the Camera) A camera?
Cat Noir::: Of course! Who better to make a movie about Cat Noir and Ladybug, than Ladybug and Cat Noir?
Animaestro::: YEAH! 
Cat Noir::: He really doesn't take kindly to competition.
Hawk Moth:::Take their Miraculous! They're at your mercy!
Cat Noir::: I can't see anything.
Ladybug::: Protect your Miraculous. He could be anywhere! 
Cat Noir::: Move! 
Civilian::: Is everything okay down there?
Cat Noir::: He's gone. Why didn't he attack us while we were blinded?
Ladybug::: I don't know. It doesn't make any sense. Something must have happened that we didn't see which explains why the Lucky Charm was a camera.
Ladybug:::Protect your Miraculous. He could be anywhere!
Cat Noir::: Did you just pause the image?
Ladybug::: No, did you see him freeze?
Cat Noir::: No. I had my eyes closed because of the smoke.
Ladybug::: Me too.
Cat Noir::: Okay, so that's why he didn't take our Miraculous.
Ladybug::: Nobody's watching him…
Cat Noir::: …he stops moving!
Ladybug::: Just like a movie. If nobody watches it it's as if it didn't exist!
Cat Noir::: Now we know how to defeat him. 
Civilian::: Woah. This is the craziest show I've ever seen. 
Cat Noir::: Uh oh. It won't be easy getting people to stop watching him now. Looks like this show is a sellout!
Ladybug:::Time for the end credits, Cat Noir.Close your eyes! Everybody stop watching him.
Cat Noir::: Just because it's colorful and shiny doesn't mean it's not extremely dangerous.
Ladybug::: TV! Of course! Cat Noir keep him busy.
Cat Noir:::So... You jealous of our success, huh?
Animaestro::: You can play the smart alec cat but once I have your Miraculous everyone will forget about you soon enough.
Ladybug:::You.Yes, you who are watching from the other side of the screen. Close your eyes, do not look at Animaestro. Turn off your screen. Come on, we need each and every one of you. It's the only way to stop him.
Animaestro::: Ha! You can tell everyone to close their eyes and switch off their TVs, but there will always be at least one person watching me.
Hawk Moth:::I wouldn't miss this show for anything.
Ladybug::: I'm sorry Nadja, but this time there will be no live coverage. 
Hawk Moth::: What? No!Animaestro. Hurry up and bring me their Miraculous.
Ladybug::: Wah!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Animaestro::: Everybody must watch ANIMATION! 
Cat Noir::: Funny, cause I think we're the last ones.
Ladybug::: And once we close our eyes. It’s time for the end credits, Animaestro!
Animaestro::: No! 
Gabriel::: No. No!
Ladybug::: Shut your eyes tight, Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: You know I trust you blindly.
Ladybug:::No more evildoing for you, little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Thomas::: Huh? What am I doing here? Cat Noir and Ladybug?
Ladybug:::In the flesh.
Cat Noir::: You're about to transform back, M’lady.
Ladybug::: Bug out!
Gabriel::: Ladybug, Cat Noir. Enjoy your apparent victory, because as in all the best tragedies, triumph always comes before failure.
Marinette::: Chloé! Please don't tell Adrien I have a crush on him!
Chloé:::In this world, there are those who work and those who shine. Forever there will be this division between us, Dupain-Cheng.Which is why you and I will never be a team. I'm not going to tell him. You're not worth the extra attention. 
Thomas:::You know what. Take my seat and enjoy the movie. I've seen it ten times or more. What matters the most for the movie is to be seen by people who really want to see it right?
Marinette:::But... I-I... Uh... But...
Thomas::: Sorry, I guess you don't know who I am either
Marinette::: Of course do. You're Thomas Astruc the movie director!Oh thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Thomas::: She recognized me. Somebody actually recognized me!This is the best day of my life! 
Adrien::: Awesome you could get in, Marinette. And I'm really sorry I didn't get to taste your macaron. It looked delicious.
Marinette::: It's no biggie. There will be tons of other macarons, I mean, occasions.
