Tikki::: But how is the train going across the sea between France and the UK, Marinette?
Marinette::: Well, there's a tunnel under the English Channel, Tikki.
Tikki::: Did a superhero do that?
Marinette:::No, just regular men with machines.
Tikki::: I can't believe how many inventions humans have made since I last had an owner.
Marinette::: There's no stopping progress, Tikki.
Tikki::: There's no stopping you, either. This is gonna be a wonderful sweater!
Marinette::: It's a tradition, you know. I always knit my dad a sweater every year for his birthday, so I wanna do something extra special for him this time around, but I couldn't think of anything.
Tikki::: I'm sure you'll come up with a perfect idea. You always do.
Marinette::: I'd better think of it now, 'cause his birthday is today!
Sabine::: Oh, come on now! It really is a shame, Rolland! It's your son's 40th birthday today!And, uh, I know how much Tom would love it if you-Oh...
Marinette::: Is that my grandfather again?
Sabine::: Yes.
Marinette::: So he's definitely not coming, then?
Sabine::: I did everything I could. It would've made your dad so happy. He doesn't talk very openly about his feelings, but I know he's sad that he doesn't see his own father anymore. It's a shame.
Marinette::: I'd really like to meet him someday, too.
Sabine::: He hasn't left his home or seen a single person for over 20 years!
Marinette::: I know, but why not?
Sabine::: Uh, he's a little old fashioned in his ways. He's not exactly what you call modern.
Marinette::: But what happened 20 years ago?
Sabine::: Uh, well, it's complicated. If you really want to know more about it, you should probably ask your dad.
Marinette:::Hey, Dad. Why hasn't Grandpa left his house in 20 years?
Tom::: Oh? Uh, well, because he's very fond of tradition, and, uh, if you wanna know more about it, you should probably ask Grandma.
Gina::: Mmm, oh, he's always lived in the past. Well, it's complicated. If you really want to know about it, you should probably ask your dad or your mom.
Marinette::: Oh, okay, thanks Grandma, see you tonight.Seriously, why won't anyone just answer me?! 
Tikki::: Judging by that look on your face, I'm thinking that you've come up with your idea.
Marinette::: You're right, Tikki. I know exactly what I'm getting for my dad for his birthday! I'm gonna get him and his dad back together again! I found Rolland Dupain's address, let's go!
Tikki::: What are you waiting for, Marinette?
Marinette::: If I tell him who I am right away, he won't listen to me, just like with mom. 
Rolland:::What do you want?
Marinette::: Uh... I'm... a friend?
Rolland::: I don't have any friends.
Marinette::: This won't be easy. 
Rolland::: What do you want?
Marinette::: Hello, sir. It's the mail lady.
Rolland::: Do what you usually do. Throw the mail in the trash. 
Rolland::: What do you want?
Marinette::: It's for the firefighter's calendar?
Rolland::: Ah, doesn't need the fire. I hate calenders!
Marinette::: There's no use, it's hopeless. 
Tikki::: Come on, that's not the Marinette I know, giving up so easily.
Rolland::: What do you want?
Gilbert::: Your flour's here, Mr. Dupain!
Rolland::: Oh! Come in, come in! The door's open. 
Marinette:::Hello! I'm Marinette, Mr. Dupain's granddaughter! I was just about to go in, myself. You can leave me the sack, I'll bring it to him. It'll be a nice surprise.
Gilbert::: Rolland has a granddaughter?
Marinette::: He sure does! 
Gilbert::: I should probably help you...
Marinette::: Oh no! It's... light. Could I borrow your cap? I wanna play a prank on Grandpa.
Gilbert:::Say hi to Rolland for me! I'll grab my cap next time I come by! 
Tikki::: You sure you should be sneaking in, lying, and pretending to be someone else? You've never met your grandfather, you don't know how he'll react!
Marinette::: Well, it's not exactly a lie. After all, I am actually-Delivering the! All the uh!The flour! What really matters is that he comes to dad's birthday party, and that they both make up.Hide, Tikki! 
Rolland:::Put the sack down in the usual place, Gilbert! 
Marinette:::Oh! Uh, where's his usual place?
Rolland:::You're not Gilbert!
Marinette::: No... I'm, um, Germaine! His cousin!
Rolland::: Hmm. Aren't you a little young to be delivering flour?
Marinette::: I'm... an intern!I'm doing a flour delivery internship, because some day I wanna own my own flour shop!
Rolland:::It's good to be ambitious. You can put the sack down now. Have a nice day.Soot! 
Marinette::: So you're a baker then, huh?
Rolland::: Are you a flour delivery girl or a nosy detective? Go on! Put the bag down and be on your way!
Marinette::: That oven you have there, it's a '72 La Pegnole, Right? It's a rare woodfired model! They only made a few hundred of them! 
Rolland:::How did you know that?
Marinette::: My daddy- uh, um- My bready, bread history teacher taught us that.
Rolland::: Well, that's new.You need bread history classes to become a flour delivery person now?
Marinette::: You bet! You have to study for ten years to be a delivery person these days!
Rolland:::Good luck with your internship, Germaine. Now put the sack down and have a good day!
Marinette:::That's a weird looking computer you got there.
Rolland:::A computer? In my house? Are you insane? That's a TV!
Marinette::: Really, but... is it still working? 
Rolland::: Nope. Turned it on one day and poof!Stopped working.
Marinette::: It probably doesn't meet cable standards anymore. We just watch everything on the Internet now.
Rolland::: The Internet is just as crazy as cordless telephones! That's not how it's done!How can sound with pictures go through, if there aren't any wires?
Marinette::: Simple!They're sent in wave form to relay antennas, which are connected to satellites. It's awesome! You can talk, and see anyone you want, anywhere in the world.
Rolland:::I don't need to speak to anyone! And besides, that's not how it's done if you want to talk to someone! Now put the sack down, and leave me alone! I've got work to do!
Marinette:::Do you live alone? Do you have any family?
Rolland:::Hapa papapa! You really are a noisy detective. Don't touch a thing, put the sack down, and leave. 
Marinette:::Oh! Nice bread dough! 
Rolland::: Wait, no! Don't touch that! That's not how it's- !
Marinette::: Don't worry, I know how it's done.You take the dough and fold it in half, rhythmically, pressing it flat...
Rolland and Marinette::: ...snapping it slightly- oh! Huh? 
Marinette::: It gives it elasticity and develops the gluten in the dough, so that it holds together well after it's been baked.
Rolland:::Tch! You're just a school girl reciting a lesson. You don't really know how it's done.
Marinette::: I do know my stuff. Maybe even better that you, old man.
Rolland::: Better than me? Better than me?Better than me!?Charlotte, Marie-Louise, Marguerite-do you hear that?Better than me!?We'll see about that.Get into position. Germaine! We're going to make some bread together! Then we'll see who's the baker, and who's only good for delivering flour!
Marinette:::Mm hmm.
Rolland::: See this yeast? It's been grown for over two-thousand years by my family, ever since my indomitable ancestor, Loafamix the Gaul. We used to make bread in a small Armorican village, fell alongside Vercingétorix. To be precise, he was my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-Great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather!
Marinette::: Phew...
Rolland::: But the Romans won. Poof!And started putting vegetables and cheese on their bread!Lulu lululu! And now it's pizza!Bleh, bleh, bleh bleh bleh!
Marinette::: I like pizza!
Rolland::: You like pizza? You, Germaine, like pizza?!
Marinette::: Yes, I do.
Rolland:::Oh! She likes pizza! Oh! But that's not how it's done! You don't put cheese and tomatoes on bread dough! It's just like my son, and his wife, who got it into their heads that adding rice to the dough, would make the inside of the bread lighter! That's not how it's done!
Marinette::: But what if it's really yummy? Have you ever tried your son's bread?
Rolland:::Tata, tatata! No need, I already know it's not going to be good. Making bread with rice flour. That's. Not. How. It's. Done!
Marinette::: Well, I think it's creative.
Rolland:::How? 
Marinette::: So, your son's a baker, then?
Rolland::: I don't have a son anymore. Not since he betrayed me.
Marinette::: What, just because he put rice in the bread dough?
Rolland:::That's. Not. How. It's. Done.
Marinette:::If my bread comes out tasting as good as yours, will you agree to do just one thing for me?
Rolland::: Why? What do you want me to do?
Marinette::: Are you a baker, or a nosy detective?
Rolland::: Ha! Your bread won't be as good as mine anyway. 
Marinette:::La la, lala lala, lalala.
Rolland::: That song... that's the song my son and I used to sing when we were... kneading... dough! There's no way you could know that song. Un- Unless- Unless you're- But no, that- that's impossible!
Marinette:::Yes, I'm your granddaughter, Marinette.
Rolland::: You're... my granddaughter?Liar! I don't have a granddaughter! Betrayal! Deceit! It's just like adding new ingredients to bread! Deceptive! That's not how it's done!Shoo! Get out! Get out! Out with the liar!
Marinette::: No! I'm not leaving, not until you've tasted my bread. You promised you would.
Rolland::: Hoh! You want to stay here? Stay here then! 
Marinette:::Whether you like it or not, you are my grandfather! And today's your son's birthday, don't you want to see him again?
Rolland:::La la la, I can't hear anything! La la, lala la!Don't look at me like that. She shouldn't have lied to her grandfather. I mean, to her not grandfather.And her bread. I bet her bread is as terrible as her father's. 
Hawk Moth::: Hmm. I can smell the bread that's being baked with flames of fury. A perfect recipe for my Akumas.Fly away, my little Akuma, and evillize him! 
Rolland:::That's not how it's done by the Dupain, the proud descendants of 'Loafamix the Gaul.' 
Hawk Moth:::Bakerix, I am Hawk Moth, and I see that you're hungry for power. Well I'm giving you the ability to serve punishments to anyone who doesn't do things like they should be done!
Rolland:::Of course! Would you like a butter croissant or a baguette to go with that?
Hawk Moth:::No! In return I want the Miraculous of Ladybug and Cat Noir, two offenders who don't know how it's done. So show me.
Rolland:::You can count on me, Hawk Moth. .
Marinette:::Grandpa! 
Bakerix:::There is no grandpa. I am Bakerix, and anyone who doesn't do things the way they should be done, will be served my indomitable wrath! Soon, Paris will look like it did before the modern world took over! 
Marinette::: No! Grandpa! 
Bakerix:::Yah! 
Marinette::: We'll finish the baking later! 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Bakerix:::Huh? Why isn't this bus making any noise?
Bus Driver:::Well, because it's a modern bus, it runs on electricity.
Bakerix::: An electric bus? That's not how it's done! Buses make noise! They run on gas and spew out stinky, black smoke!Away with modern buses!What's all this? There's a flying superman girl in Paris now?
Ladybug::: Yup! Girl, and superhero. You gotta get with the times.
Bakerix::: That's not how it's done! It's up to the police or the army to carry out law enforcement! Not you!Ah!
Ladybug::: Ah!
Nadja::: Just minutes before the unveiling of the ultra-modern Startrain, I've been told that a super-Gaul is wreaking havoc right here in Paris. 
Bakerix:::I'm going to rid Paris of all this modern nonsense, starting with you! 
Ladybug::: Well technically, I'm not actually all that modern.My Miraculous is from ancient times!
Bakerix::: Well, we didn't have superheroes in my youth!There will be no superheroes in my Paris! 
Adrien::: Looks like Ladybug's the one unveiling a brand new method of air transport.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug:::Ah! Oof!
Cat Noir::: Don't worry, milady,I'm right here.
Ladybug:::Thanks Cat Noir, but girls don't always need to be saved by a Boy.
Cat Noir::: You think I'm a tad old-fashioned, don't you?
Ladybug::: Oh, I've seen worse than you. Just wait 'til you meet Bakerix. 
Nino:::Thanks, André.
André:::Ah! 
Bakerix:::What are you doing?
Alya::: Uh, I'm filming you?
Bakerix::: Ah! Telephones are for telephoning! Not for filming!That is not how it's done!
Alya::: Hey! That's censorship!
Bakerix::: Just like the good ol' days.Oh! Oh hoho! An Egyptian pyramid in the King's court!But that's not how it's done! 
Cat Noir::: A blending of ancient and modern. I personally like this glass pyramid a lot.
Ladybug::: It's proof that you can be modern, and still respect the past.
Bakerix:::Treachery! Treason! 
Cat Noir::: I think we better destroy that flask of his.
Ladybug::: You're right, it's probably where the Akuma is, too. Ah! 
Bakerix::: You're out of your league! You don't have enough experience! 
Cat Noir::: Trapped! Cata- !
Ladybug:::Save your Cataclysm! We're probably gonna need it.Emergency exit!
Cat Noir::: Good eye. 
Bakerix::: What the- ! A train that goes underwater? Is it a train or a submarine? That's not how it's done! If you want to go to England,you take a boat!You get sea sick!Ah! 
Bakerix::: Ladies and gentlemen, I've got bad news for you. This train is out of service! 
Ladybug::: We've got a train to catch. 
Cat Noir::: Boarding now! 
Ladybug:::Be reasonable now, Mister Bakerix. There are a lot of people on this train.
Bakerix::: Well then they better get off, because it's on it's way to the wrecking yard! 
Cat Noir:::Go on!
Chloé:::You should ask Queen Bee for some help.
Cat Noir:::We're doing okay for now, but I'll remember that. Thanks, Chloé. 
Ladybug::: Whoa!Not again!Lucky Charm! 
Cat Noir::: Tomatoes in a bottle? Mmm, I doubt our friend will take too kindly to this.
Ladybug::: That's what I'm counting on.In fact, I'm planning to give our baker friend the least traditional sandwich possible. 
Cat Noir::: Got it! 
Ladybug:::How about some super sour candy chews, plus some super chemical chewing gum, all packed between two slices of white industrial bread.
Cat Noir:::Oh, stop it, Ladybug, you're making us all drool! Isn't that right, Bakerix?
Bakerix:::I'm not falling for your stupid little tricks.
Ladybug::: Okay, in that case I'll add... some tomatoes in a bottle.Mmmm, now this sandwich is gonna taste like pizza! It's gonna be so good!
Bakerix:::That's not how traditional sandwiches are done! 
Ladybug:::Do your thing, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: You're just blown away by this sandwich, aren't you?
Bakerix::: That's not how it's done! 
Cat Noir::: Well, that's how we do it, anyway. 
Ladybug:::No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to deevilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Pound it!
Rolland::: My bread! I left some bread baking in the oven, and my granddaughter's there! It's dangerous! It could catch fire!
Ladybug::: I'm sure your granddaughter's got it under control. 
Rolland::: I must get home. 
Cat Noir::: I'll take him back, milady. I've got more time left than you.
Ladybug::: Thank you, Cat Noir. Bug out! 
Cat Noir:::Are you sure you wanna go home on a superhero's back? It's fast, but not very traditional.
Rolland::: When bread is at risk, that's how it's done. 
Hawk Moth:::One day or another, things will change, Ladybug, and front row seats to your downfall will sell like hotcakes! 
Rolland:::Marinette! Marinette!
Marinette:::Grandpa? Cat Noir? Is everything okay?
Rolland::: Uh, yes. I was just scared- the bread might be overbaked.It looks all right.
Marinette::: You see? I do know how it's done.
Cat Noir::: Well, if it's all good, I'll be on my way. 
Rolland::: No, wait! We need a judge, to determine which of these loaves is the best.
Cat Noir:::Uh, the thing is, I'm gonna transform back soon, and- whoa!You're a real tough cookie, even without your superpowers.Mmm. Both these breads are delicious, d'you have any jam by any chance?
Rolland and Marinette::: That's not how you taste bread! 
Cat Noir::: They're both tasty, in different ways. This one's more traditional, and this one has a delicate flavor that makes it special. It's too hard to choose.I'm sorry but I really do have to get going.Thanks for the tasty snack! 
Rolland:::Mmm, he's right! This flavor is... is really good!
Marinette::: I did it the way my dad does it!
Rolland::: But, how?
Marinette::: I added rice to my dough when you weren't looking.You can never have just one bite.So now can I ask you to do that one thing? Will you come home with me? We're celebrating dad's 40th birthday tonight and I'm sure he'd be so happy to see his dad.
Rolland:::You're not a traditional granddaughter, Marinette. But you know what?I like it.
Tom:::Baba, ba bumbum, baba bum bum...
Sabine:::Rolland? 
Marinette::: Happy birthday, Dad. 
