Tikki::: Marinette, this is quite a special day for you!
Marinette::: Yes, Tikki! It sure is. Hm, still no call...
Tikki::: There's a ritual we kwamis perform on a day like this.
Marinette:::Oh really? That's nice.
Tikki::: But I don't know if you humans would like it. I wonder if you guys even give each other presents on your birthday.
Marinette:::Oh really, Tikki? You got me a birthday present?
Tikki::: A kwami specialty.
Marinette::: Oh, that so awesome! What is it?
Tikki:::Miraculous birthday, Marinette!
Tikki:::Oh no, you don't like it, do you?
Marinette::: Yes! Yes, I love it! It's amazing. It's a, uhhh, what is it?
Tikki::: A Kwagatama. A great symbol of friendship among us kwamis. We take a hair from our Miraculous holder and join it to the hairs of all the former Miraculous holders. And with them we grow a magic resin for a few months and-I know you don't wanna tell me because you don't want to hurt my feelings but it's obvious you don't like it.
Marinette::: I'm sorry, Tikki! I-I really love your gift. It's just that Alya should already have called me by now. We're supposed to be taking her little sister to thedentistat four o'clock today.
Tikki:::Do you humans always celebrate your birthday by going to the dentist?
Marinette::: No, of course not, Tikki. It's a secret code! They're actually throwing me a surprise birthday party!
Tikki::: But how can it be a surprise if you know about it?
Marinette::: The thing about surprises is you know about it but pretend you don't so you won't spoil it for the people who are organising it!
Tikki::: What about the dentist?
Marinette::: It's a fake-out! See, Alya's gonna pretend to take me to the dentist, but she'll really be taking me to my surprise party!
Tikki::: What if you're wrong?
Marinette::: Impossible. All the signs are there, Tikki.Juleka totally jumped when I caught her holding a bicycle pump. 
Tikki::: Perhaps Juleka has a bicycle!
Marinette::: No, Tikki! Obviously she was planning to use the pump to blow up balloons! A surprise birthday party always has balloons! Also, yesterdayI caught Nino listening to my favourite song! 
Tikki::: Perhaps it's his favorite song, too!
Marinette::: Are you kidding? He hates it! He has no reason to listen to it unless... He's making a playlist for my surprise party! Elementary.
Marinette::: Okay. Why was Alya having a secret convo with Adrien, huh?
Adrien:::Uh, uh... yes, Alya! I know a very good dentist and here's his number!
Marinette::: Which means... He's going to be there!
Tikki::: Or it means Alya is taking her sisters to see Adrien's dentist!
Marinette::: Fine, you know what? There's one no-fail way to find out if there's a surprise party in the making.
Marinette:::Watch their faces.Mom! Dad! Do you know anything about Alya planning a surprise party for my birthday?
Tom::: Uh, oh, uh... Party? Uh, what party? Uh, which Alya, again?
Sabine:::You're overdoing it... we're talking about her best friend!
Tom::: Alya! Of course, Alya! We haven't seen her in years! 
Sabine::: 
Marinette:::See? Parents always know when there's a surprise party in the works.
Marinette::: And now, on the other side of this door, check out who's coming to get me! Just in time for the party! It's-Grandma?!
Tom:::Mom?
Sabine:::Gina?
Gina:::Marinetta! You're so tall for your age! Did you get my letter from Patagonia?
Marinette::: Yes! And the ones from Australia, Bali, and Estonia, too! Did you really get chased by a bear?!
Gina:::Yes. But we wound up good friends in the end. 
Tom:::Mom. It's her birthday, remember?
Gina::: Why do you think I'm here?Happy birthday, my little fairy! My Inuit friend knitted it especially for your tenth birthday!
Tom:::Uh, she's fourteen.
Gina:::My. How time flies.That's okay. I'll ask my friend to make another one.
Marinette::: No! No, it's awesome! I can make this work. It's perfect, grandma. Thank you.
Gina::: Your Nonna has also brought you your favourite candy! 
Marinette::: Oh! 
Gina::: You still love them, right?
Marinette::: Yes, yes of course...
Gina::: And that's not all, my fairy! We'll have a wonderful day, you and I! Just like the last time. Well go to the merry-go-round and to the zoo, then-!
Tom::: Uh, mom? Can I have a word, mom? Uh, just the two of us.
Gina::: What, Tom? That I don't know my Marinetta anymore because I'm always travelling?
Tom::: No, mom! It's just-
Gina::: You think she doesn't want to spend time with her Nonna, is that it?
Marinette::: No! Of course I want to spend time with you! Uh, besides, it's not four o'clock yet.
Gina::: There. You see? Come on, let's go, Marinetta! We're going to have a ball! 
Marinette::: It's four o'clock. Maybe you were right. I jumped to conclusions, and there really is no surprise party. 
Tikki::: How come you don't tell your grandmother you don't like this candy?
Marinette::: I don't want to hurt her feelings. We don't get to see each other very often.Alya!
Alya::: Sorry, I'm running late. Can you meet me at the park? We'll, uh- -jam straight from there to the uh, dentist!
Marinette::: Yes, uh, yes! Awesome! To the dentist! Totally!I'll be right there!Oh! Uh- I'm so sorry, Grandma. I have to go to the dentist with Alya-
Gina::: Surely you're not going to the dentist on your birthday? I still have to take you to see the trains at Gare de Lyon Station!
Marinette::: Well, it's because Alya actually has sisters who are twins and well, because there are two of them, Alya needs my help.Wait what am I saying?That's all a fake-out. You know what I think, Grandma, is that Alya might be throwing me a surprise birthday party-
Gina:::I get it, my fairy. Don't worry about me. Run along now and go meet your friend.
Marinette::: Are you sure?
Gina::: Go on. I'll hold on to all of this. We'll catch up with each other later.
Marinette:::Oh, thank you!You really are the best grandma in the world!
Sabine::: Tom, that's the motorcycle! They're coming back! Marinette can't see the cake!
Sabine:::Uh, where's Marinette?
Gina::: Tom was right. She's too old now to spend time with her Nonna...
Sabine::: What? No, no! Tom never said that.
Gina::: That's sweet of you, Sabine. But it's not a big deal. That's life. I'll be up in the apartment if you need me. 
Sabine:::You should go and speak to your mother, she's u-Oh no!
Tom::: I know, and it's almost time for the party!
Sabine::: Okay, I can help you. We can manage, and we'll take Gina to the party with us! 
Hawk Moth::: What could be more powerful than a grandmother deserted by her own granddaughter? Perfect fodder for disappointment and misunderstanding!Fly away, my little akuma and evilize her ailing heart!
Hawk Moth::: Befana, I am Hawk Moth. I'm restoring your matriarchal power as grandmother. You will use these candies to reward the deserving and punish the ungrateful. As for my reward, you will bring me theMiraculous of those pesky little kids, Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Gina::: You're right, Hawk Moth. The time has come to teach them all a lesson. 
Sabine::: Tada!
Tom::: Ha!
Sabine:::Good job, partner! We'd better get going, the party awaits us!
Tom::: Oh, wait, we've gotta tell mom.
Befana::: Not this time. Don't tell your mama what to do.
Tom::: Mom-! 
Befana:::Do you know what naughty Boys get?Coal!You have nothing to fear, my fairy.You've always been good to me.So, now tell me. Marinetta isn't at the dentist, is she?
Sabine::: No, mistress.
Befana::: Then take me to her!
Adrien::: Happy birthday, Marinette.
Alya::: Open it, Marinette!
Befana:::La Befana comes at night, on her shaky broom in flight. She gives candy to those who are dandy.
Marinette::: Grandma!?
Befana::: You lied to your grandma, Marinetta.
Marinette::: No, I- I didn't know Alya was throwing a surprise party for me.
Alya:::She's for real, ma'am.
Befana::: And all those candies you pretended to be eating?
Marinette::: I'm sorry, grandma. It's just that I didn't want to upset you.
Befana::: I'm not your grandma anymore. From now on, I am only Befana! And I'm going to punish you for all those lies! 
Marinette::: No!
Plagg::: We didn't even get in on the buffet!
Adrien::: Party's over, my friend!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Befana::: It's rude to leave while Befana's still speaking to you. 
Cat Noir:::Hey, I never knew grandmas could be so nasty.
Befana::: You would look wonderful in white, my pretty kitty. 
Cat Noir::: Eh, not convinced. I'm much more into black- makes my eyes stand out, don't you think? 
Befana:::Take care of this pesky pussycat!
Cat Noir::: Hey, I thought fairies were supposed to be nice! 
Befana:::You're not getting away unpunished, Marinetta!You don't deserve all these presents, you spoiled little brat! Now, for what you really deserve.Don't worry. You'll get what's coming to you.
Marinette:::This isn't how I envisioned my birthday party...
Tikki:::You need to transform!
Befana::: Do you lie only to me?
Marinette::: Cat Noir!
Cat Noir:::Stay put, I'll be right there!Uh, soon!
Befana:::Or do you also lie to your parents and your friends, too?
Alya:::We gotta help Marinette!
Befana::: The time has come to teach you a lesson. 
Alya::: Marinette is not a liar!
Befana::: Someone has to teach you table manners! 
Marinette::: Alya!
Marinette::: No, Kim!
Befana::: That's what you get for stealing candy, you bunch of ill-mannered kids!
Rose::: Don't touch Marinette! She's only the nicest person in the world!
Befana::: That's very disrespectful, to speak up without permission! But then again, it's quite noble of you to stick up for your friends. Okay. I shall make you a fairy.You are going to help me discipline your friend. 
Marinette::: Tikki-
Cat Noir::: Sorry I kept you waiting. We need to find you a better hiding placeShall we? 
Befana::: Marinetta is getting away with the kitty! Catch them!
Juleka:::Marinette is cool, so don't touch her.
Max:::We won't let you hurt Marinette!
Befana::: Is that how you speak to your elders? How rude.Maybe this way you'll learn to keep quiet.
Cat Noir::: You must be a real cool girl if your friends are protecting you like that. So why's your grandma flipping out?
Marinette::: I think she wanted me to spend more time with her.
Cat Noir::: Don't worry. I promise to get your real grandma back safe.Oh, I almost forgot. Happy birthday, anyway.
Marinette::: Thank you, Cat Noir.
Marinette::: It's time to—
Marinette::: —save my Nonna! Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Befana:::La Befana comes at night, on her shaky broom in flight. She gives out candy to those who are dandy. And only gives coal to brats with no soul.
Cat Noir:::Cat Noir comes to, unexpectedly,Uh, how do you make that rhyme? 
Ladybug:::Fighting evil with his lady! 
Cat Noir::: Of course! Not bad, Bugaboo!
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug has joined the party at last! Bring me the Miraculous, Befana!
Befana::: You didn't say the magic word!
Hawk Moth:::Ahem. Please.
Befana::: Much better, Hawk Moth!You little thief! Where have you hidden Marinetta?!
Cat Noir::: I forgetta.
Ladybug::: Watch out, or you'll be getting a time out of your own.
Befana::: Take care of these little villains.
Befana:::What does the villainous cat burglar do when he feels threatened?He climbs! 
Cat Noir::: We can't let her get to the Eiffel Tower!
Ladybug::: And why not? Ooh! 
Cat Noir::: Because that's where I hid her granddaughter! 
Ladybug::: Wait no, she's-! 
Befana:::Where are you, Marinetta? Befana has a special treat for you!
Cat Noir::: Can I hitch a ride? Your granddaughter isn't here. Let me show you the way. 
Befana::: Pets are not allowed on board!Marinetta, what a sweet Ladybug you are. You'll make a perfect fairy! 
Ladybug:::Thanks, but no thanks.
Befana::: You can't turn down a gift, you rude little imp! You take care of the kitty, my fairies, while I punish this polka-dot brat!
Ladybug::: Hmm...
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! I saw Befana dodging her own candies. Even she can't touch them!
Cat Noir:::The candy bag. The akuma must be in there.
Ladybug::: Of course! tuba, perplexed)
Cat Noir::: You didn't tell me you played the tuba.
Ladybug::: I don't, but it looks like I'm gonna have to learn.
Befana::: Very naughty. I'm going to have to take your toys away from you.
Ladybug:::Okay. You win, Befana. 
Cat Noir::: I- I did lie, I'm sorry. Your granddaughter is here.
Ladybug::: Never too late to tell the truth, right?
Befana::: I don't believe you.
Cat Noir::: I'll take you to her myself. 
Befana:::Keep an eye on the ladybug.
Ladybug::: Sorry guys, I've gotta put you all in time out-!
Befana::: What is the meaning of this?! She isn't here!
Cat Noir:::I guess I'm a compulsive liar?
Befana:::Huh?There you are! Nice try, Marinetta, but you won't get away that easily! Ha! 
Ladybug:::Don't worry, Cat Noir. Marinette's safe.
Befana::: I'm waiting for you, Marinetta.What?
Ladybug:::Cat Noir! The fire hydrant!
Cat Noir::: My pleasure Cataclysm! 
Befana::: Noooo!
Ladybug:::No more evildoing for you, little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug, Cat Noir... you've escaped punishment yet again! I won't sugarcoat the truth, and next time I will destroy you and have your Miraculous!
Gina::: So, how about you, André? Do you have anyone in particular to share your ice cream with these days?
André::: Well, actually, I have yet to find the perfect blend of flavours.
Marinette:::Grandma!
Gina::: My sweetie, what did you do with that tee shirt? 
Marinette::: I fixed it up, grandma. I've been sewing ever since the last time you came to visit.
Gina:::You're so grown up, Marinette. You know what? There'll be no more merry-go-rounds or zoos. For your next birthday, I'll take you on one of my trips!
Marinette:::Thank you, Grandma! But you know, it doesn't matter where you take me. With you, it's always unforgettable.
Adrien::: Bravo.You never got a chance to open it with all that was going on.
Adrien::: I always carry the lucky charm you gave me with me wherever I go, and I think it works pretty well. So... I figured it was my turn to make one for you.
Marinette::: You're so wonderful... Oh, uh- it's wonderful, what a charm! Uh... luck charm! I-I'll wear the charm um, with luck! Basically, um... thank you.
Tom::: Aww...
Marinette::: Do you realize? He made it specially for me, with his own hands.Adrien...
Tikki:::Yeah, well, it's kind of a weird gift if you ask me.
Marinette:::Heh, no weirder than yours, Tikki. 
Marinette::: But that doesn't mean they're not both precious to me.
Tikki::: So you really did like the gift, then!
Marinette:::Of course I did.The most important thing about a present, Tikki, is the person who's giving it.
