Marinette::: Oops! Sorry Mylène. My bad!I think this is yours, Rose.
Rose::: Thanks, Marinette! Do you realize? It's our very first concert! It's going to be awesome.
Marinette::: He's not here yet.
Alya::: No worries girl. The gig hasn't started yet.
Marinette::: What if he doesn't know Juleka's address? Or he got the wrong day? Or he's lost? Could you check with Nino please? You know, of course, just... casually.
Alya::: Hey, Nino, did you hear from Adrien, by any chance?
Nino::: He had something to do with his old man. He said he'll come right after. 
Anarka::: Captain Anarka speaking to ya'! So how's it comin' along me young pirates? Ready to celebrate the-Whatcha up to, there, matey?
Marinette::: Uh, hello ma'am. I'm cleaning up for tonight! Your boat's gonna be clean as a whistle!
Anarka::: You're cleaning?We never pick up in this house! Didn't me daughter tell you? We like the lived-in look. We have no rules on The Liberty! Out of chaos comes creation! Messiness is life!
Gabriel::: I've heard enough. Are you sure you're practicing, Adrien?
Adrien::: I'm just doing the same exercises over and over again. I think I could make better progress if I could just play with other musicians. After all, music's meant to be shared with other people, don't you think? 
Gabriel::: We Agrestes are soloists. We're no where group members. I suggest you rehearse your piece some more. You'll play it for me again later today.
Adrien::: But father, you promised that I could attend my friends' concert.
Gabriel::: Not after that performance you've just given, which is probably due to their influence! You need to refocus, Adrien. 
Nino:::Wassup dude?...Wow, what happened?...Whoa, that's real rough. Good luck dude, see you tomorrow!
Alya::: Well it's not exactly the first time his dad's kept him from hanging out with us. Actually, I'd have been super surprised if he hadn't.
Anarka::: Whoa, sailor! Never place a metal object next to a compass, ya hear lass? Metal attracts the needle, just like a magnet, which is why you cant get them anywhere near each other.
Marinette::: I know how they feel. Maybe I'm just like this statue and Adrien's my compass. Maybe we're meant to stay away from each other forever.
Alya::: I think its the other way around. He's the statue and your the compass that goes crazy whenever he gets close! There'll be other chances, Marinette.
Marinette::: That's what you said last time, and the time before that.
Rose::: We're ready Captain! Uh... but Luka's missing.
Anarka::: Marinette, right?
Marinette::: Yes, ma'am... uh, Captain!
Anarka::: Since you're free from your cleaning duties, could you go and tell Luka that we're waiting for him to start rehearsals?
Marinette::: Of course. Uh, but who's Luka? And where is he?
Anarka::: Luka's my son, you'll find him in his cabin.
Marinette:::Uh!Hey, my name's Ma-ma uh Mamamarinette! Your mom sent me down here. The groove...uh... the group's waiting for you.
Luka::: Hello, Mamamarinette.Sorry. I tend to make more sense with this.That's strange. It seems you have something like this in your heart. 
Marinette::: How do you do that?
Luka::: Music is often simpler than words. 
Marinette::: You like Jagged's music?
Luka::: He's my favorite singer!
Marinette::: Mine too.
Luka::: You can have it if you like. I've got plenty. 
Marinette::: Oh! Thanks!
Luka::: I think I'd better go join the... groove, you said?
Marinette::: Did I really say that? Oh, no.
Luka::: You're a funny girl, Marinette.
Nadja::: For this year's National Music Festival, Paris's city hall has organized numerous free concerts featuring big stars in some pretty prestigious locales! We're joined by our honorable Mayor, André Bourgeois. If you will, please tell us about the line-up!
André::: Well, XY will be performing at the Place de la Concord, Laura Nightingale at the Louvre, The Philharmonic Orchestra outside City Hall, and Mr. Jagged at the Eiffel Tower! And let's not forget the many concerts and gigs given by the people of Paris across the city!
Nadja::: This is likely to be the most incredible music festival since the first one was held, right here in Paris, in 1982! I'm Nadja Chamack. Tune in here, to hear more tunes.
Plagg::: Come on, now. Don't be so down in the dumps. Look at the bright side. Now you can enjoy all of the concerts without leaving the comfort of your own room!
Adrien::: I just wanted to go to my friend's concert, Plagg! 
Plagg::: Then why didn't you say so? As your friend, I'm going to give you a private concert you'll never forget! Ahem!Camembert! You're the cheese of my dreams! Camembert! You make life better than it seems!
Adrien::: Thanks Plagg. Best concert ever. 
Plagg::: Aww...
Alya::: Are you okay girl?
Marinette::: Mmm-hmm.
Alya::: I'm thinking Marinette the Compass has found herself a new statue.
Marinette::: What? Luka? No way! You're being ridiculous! Pff! Sure he's cool and nice and everything... but there's only one statue that drives this compass crazy!
Mylène::: You're going to need these, believe me. 
Roger:::Mrs. Anarka, are you completely out of your mind? I'm reading 160 decibels! That's 10 times the sound of a jet engine! You just can't do this. You'll have to play something else!
Anarka::: It's the National Music Festival today Officer Roger! My crew's allowed to play whatever they want!
Roger::: It's a music festival, not a noise festival. If you don't turn the volume down, I'll ban your concert altogether!
Marinette::: Uh, maybe we could turn the volume down a bit Captain? Then there'd be no more problem, right?
Anarka::: No, out of the question. I didn't name my galleon Liberty for nothing, you know! It's a matter of principle! Haven't you ever heard of freedom of speech, Roger? This is me home! I will do as I want!
Roger::: Do you have a document stating you can moor your houseboat in this location?
Anarka::: The Seine belongs to everyone!
Roger::: You are not allowed to moor here without a parking permit! Which means you can't play your concert here either. Not to mention this incredibly messy deck! 
Roger::: Public visual disturbance you get a ticket! And this decoration it's too decorated! Another ticket! 
Roger::: You asked for it, One more ticket for making me use too many tickets, one more for your attitude, one because I can't sleep, one more because I'm seasick, one more because I say so
Hawk Moth::: Ah, the suppression of a soul demanding liberty and freedom. A perfect target for my akuma!Fly away my little akuma and evilize her. 
Anarka::: I refuse to give in. 
Hawk Moth:::Captain Hardrock, I am Hawk Moth. Is the establishment censoring your right to make as much noise as you'd like? From now on they won't hear anything but your music. I'm giving you an indestructible ship and you will use it to sale around Paris and blast your music out everywhere you go as loudly as you please. In return, you will bring me the greatest of all treasures, Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Anarka::: A treasure in return for freedom? Ho, ho, ho then I shall be your pirate Hawk Moth. 
Marinette::: Oh no!
Captain Hardrock::: Raise the mainsail me deck hands let's get swashbuckling around here. 
Juleka::: Mom?
Luka::: What's going on?
Captain Hardrock::: Your mom has weighed anchor, me lad, I'm Captain Hardrock and today Paris's timbers are about to be shivered by my cannons.Westward ho, Liberty next stop, Jagged at the Eiffel Tower. Soon, there will only be one concert in Paris only one Music Festival. We will destroy all the others. Now, get to your instruments and rock those decibels! 
Luka::: Mom please, you can't ruin the Music Festival.
Marinette::: You can't force people to listen to your music!
Ivan::: No way we're playing like this!
Captain Hardrock::: Mutiny? On my ship? Liberty, seize these scallywags and throw them down into the hold!Liberty! Fire!Nothing and no one will stop Captain Hardrock from playing her music! Fire! 
Nadja::: Paris is yet again under attack, a new villain is destroying all the music festival concerts one by one. Please take shelter as soon as possible!
Adrien::: I may be grounded Plagg, but they're playing my song.
Plagg::: Yeah, I know it by heart.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Luka::: Wow, how'd you do that?
Marinette::: Uhh, I, uhm... With this. 
Luka::: You're amazing. A real magician Marinette.
Marinette::: You think so? Oh, it was nothing, uh, amazing, really?
Alya::: Excuse me, but some of us are still chained up here you know. 
Alya::: Marinette, she's coming.
Marinette::: We'll come back, I promise. 
Luka::: Run, Marinette quick.
Captain Hardrock::: Seize him.She won't get very far. 
Tikki::: Phew, that was close.
Marinette::: Tikki, I have to save my friends.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Captain Hardrock::: New target located. Fire at XY.And now.Huh? What was that?Fire at Cat Noir.Seize him.Seize them. 
Roger::: I command you to stop in the name of the law.
Captain Hardrock::: Fire, Liberty. 
Roger::: Thank you Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Ladybug::: Stay undercover, we will take care of her.
Captain Hardrock::: Time for the treasure hunt.
Ladybug::: I hope you've got your sea legs kitty.
Cat Noir::: I'll be purr-fect, as long as I stay dry.
Captain Hardrock::: Seize them.
Cat Noir::: Any idea where the akuma is?
Ladybug::: It's gotta be on the ship somewhere.
Cat Noir::: In that case a Cataclysm will settle this. 
Ladybug::: Wait, there are prisoners down in the hold, if you sink this boat, they might drown.
Captain Hardrock::: Fire at Nightingale. 
Ladybug::: We've gotta stop this ship.
Cat Noir::: It's time we got this vessel anchored. Let's rip this off!It's no good. 
Ladybug::: It's blocked.
Captain Hardrock:::Liberty answers only to me, seize the-. 
Alya::: Ladybug.
Luka::: Ladybug, is Marinette okay?
Ladybug::: She's safe, she's the one who alerted me.
Luka::: That girls unbelievably brave.
Ladybug::: chain appears) Huh? Another chain? Some pliers would've come in more handy. Don't worry guys, I'll find a way to get you out.
Captain Hardrock::: Seize him. 
Hawk Moth::: Well done Captain Hardrock. 
Captain Hardrock::: My treasure will be your Miraculous kitty cat.Don't be an impatient scurvy Ladybug, you're next in line. 
Roger::: I command you to stop your acts of piracy in the name of the law.
Captain Hardrock::: Him again? Fire!En garde.Huh? Where did you go? If you refuse to give me your Miraculous, my next target will be Major Bourgeois and his land lover-in Orchestra. Liberty, next stop City Hall. 
Cat Noir::: Thanks my lady, any longer and I would've been fish food.
Ladybug::: We've got a problem Cat Noir. I couldn't free the prisoners, and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with this.
Cat Noir::: It's probably just trying to tell you that you're chained to me, forever.
Ladybug::: You're pulling my chain Cat Noir. It's time to take the ship, follow me.
Cat Noir::: Aye aye Captain Ladybug.
Captain Hardrock::: Aha, there y'are again, the time has come to send you to the bottom once and for all.
Captain Hardrock::: Noooo- Get away from the compass. 
Roger::: For the last time, stop your boat in the name of the law.
Ladybug::: Do it Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doings for you, little akuma. Time to be de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound It!
Anarka::: What happened?
Cat Noir::: Oh not much, you just had a bout of... Seasickness.Time to raise the sails my lady. 
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!Enjoy your gig, bug out. 
Hawk Moth::: For the sake of Neptune! Captain Hardrock didn't manage to seize your Miraculous! But one of these days Ladybug and Cat Noir, your treasure will be mine! 
Adrien::: Would you like to play this piece with me father, as a duet.
Gabriel:::I don't think-
Adrien::: Please father, if I'm not allowed to go to my friends concert, at least grant me this.
Gabriel::: You can go to your friends concert if that's what you really want.
Adrien::: Thank you father! 
Roger::: It's still a bit loud by my standards and a couple decibels over the legal limit...But I'll let it slide on this occasion, after all it's the music festival.
Anarka::: Thanks Roger.
Roger::: Have a good gig! 
Adrien::: Hi everyone! Hi ma'am.
Marinette::: Watch where you're walking! Ditching, the, the- the 
Adrien::: Woah! 
Nino:::Adrien! Are you okay buddy?
Adrien::: Nah it's all good, I-Whoa, an original ZX20.4, I love the sound of this instrument!
Anarka::: Aww, that old thing, no one knows how to play it.
Adrien::: I know how to play it.
Luka::: Great, welcome to the band Adrien.
Adrien::: Thanks, uhh...
Luka::: Luka.
Adrien::: Thanks Luka.
Alya:::Is the compass going crazy? 
Anarka::: You know matey, sometimes disorder can be a good thing, if this keyboard hadn't been lying around, we wouldn't have gained us a keyboard player. 
Rose::: Evening everyone, our name is Kitty Section. One, two, three.I love unicorns, I love unicorns, and cute little fluffy cats!
