Marinette::: Come on, look at all the nice plushies, don't you want to play with them?
Chris:::Dolls? I hate dolls. I hate toys. They're for babies. 
Marinette::: Yes, but you're too young to play Grim Monster Clash 3.
Chris::: No I'm not, and I'm not scared of monsters anymore, you know. I'm—
Marinette::: A big kid, yes, I know.Why don't we watch a cartoon instead? I have Pototty and Potato if you want?
Chris::: That show's for babies. I'm a big Boy. 
Marinette::: We could play with your snow globe? 
Chris::: Ew! 
Marinette::: Uh…
Chris::: Hey, what's that? 
Marinette:::That? Oh, uh, it's nothing. 
Chris::: Hey, no fair! Come on! What are all those gifts?
Marinette:::Uh, look I can't tell you that these are the gifts I've made for Adrien's next 35 birthdays. Cause you'd tell your brother Nino and he'd tell Adrien and Adrien'd think that I'm totally crazy. Wait, maybe I am.Hm. I can't tell you I'm one of Santa Claus's elves on a secret mission and that I'm looking after one of his boxes of gifts. You wouldn't be interested though because gifts are for babies, right? And you're a big kid. 
Chris::: That's a lie!
Marinette::: What, that you're a big kid?
Chris::: No, that you're one of Santa Claus's elves!
Marinette::: I can't say anything more. 
Chris::: Hey wait, that means you can give me my Christmas present early! Grobotech Ultimate Destructor! It's easy, it's gotta be the biggest one in the box. 
Marinette::: Now wait a minute, I thought toys were for babies. 
Chris::: They are, most of the time. But Grobotech's different. 
Marinette::: You don't say. Well, I'm sorry, but Christmas rules are very strict. You don't open gifts early. Santa Claus gives them at Christmas, not at Easter or Halloween. Otherwise you'd might as well have a bunny or a witch delivering your presents.
Chris::: But, since you know him, you could ask him. Can't just you call him on the phone or send him an email?
Marinette::: Oh no, you never disturb Santa Claus except at Christmas. The rest of the year he's… in the North Pole... d-of the, uh, supervising the production of toys.Besides, your present isn't here anyway. We elves don't watch over gifts for kids we know. One of the elves must have it. Santa's the only one who would know where to find it because he knows who's getting what. He has a list of good children.There is one exception to the Christmas rule. 
Chris::: Really? What is it, what is it?
Marinette::: Santa Claus is allowed to make one exception but only for the best-behaved kid in the whole world.
Chris::: Who's the best-behaved kid in the whole world?
Marinette::: Hm, maybe Ladybug?
Chris::: Well, seeing as she saved Paris a gazillion times, that makes sense. 
Marinette::: Or a kid for example who cleans up all the mess he's made and plays quietly with toys that are for kids his age? 
Alya::: Marinette, we're back.
Nino::: Did you guys have fun?
Marinette::: Sure we did. How was the movie?
Nino::: Awesome. Thanks for watching my bro, Marinette. What's wrong, little dude?
Chris:::AH! I want it to be Christmas right now! 
Marinette::: I have absolutely no idea where that came from.
Alya::: Okay, I guess we'd better get going. Bye, girl. 
Nino::: See you at school tomorrow. 
Marinette::: Yeah, bye Nino, see you soon Chris. 
Tikki::: A Christmas elf on a secret mission, seriously, Marinette, don't you think you went too far this time?
Marinette::: I know, Tikki, it was pure ridiculousness. But I couldn't tell him the truth about the gifts. Besides, I simply told Chris a nice little story, which hopefully will teach him some patience.Speaking of patience, I've got an idea of what I can give Adrien for his 50th birthday! Give me a hand?
Tikki::: Um? Mm hm.
Marinette::: Wha- um, snow? Whoa, how long was I asleep?Ah!
Soldier::: It's over Santa Claus, you're surrounded. Surrender and don't put up a fight!
Soldier:::Searching for Santa Claus far and wide! 
Soldiers:::Searching for Santa Claus far and wide! 
Soldier:::There's no way he can run 
Roger::: Get back on the sidewalks! Running in the roadway's against—
T-rex::: Santa Claus? Have you seen Santa Claus?
Marinette::: Okay, it's all just a dream. I'm going back to bed.Ow. Why did you do that, Tikki?
Tikki::: See, you're not dreaming. 
Marinette::: Well if I'm not, it means…This does look like a nightmare though. 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Soldier::: Santa Claus, have you seen Santa Claus?
Tom::: Santa Claus? But it's not Christmas yet.
Nadja::: Nadja Chamack here, don't be bemused it's just the news.Paris has been literally invaded by giant toys looking for Santa Claus. 
Bear::: Major Teddiski here, Santa Claus. All your toys are belong to us. If you don’t give yourself up real quick, this little city of Paris will go kaboom, lickety split. 
Ladybug::: What's going on?
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, you'll never guess what I just found.
Cat Noir:::Actually I think I know m'lady. I'm with Santa Claus we've taken refuge in the ice rink.
Ladybug::: I'll meet you there.
Philippe::: I can't believe it! Are you really Santa Claus?
Santa Claus::: No, I'm the Easter Bunny in disguise. You can't see my long ears because of the hat. Of course I'm Santa Claus. 
Philippe::: Oh, okay. I need you to know I've been a really good Boy.
Colonel Woof-Woof::: I smell a wood fire and cinnamon cookies. Santa Claus must be nearby! Soldiers, get in line! 
Soldier::: At your command Colonel Woof-Woof.
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Follow me this way.s Searching for Santa Claus far and wide! Searching for Santa—
Philippe::: To Luna, Maya, and Thalia. When I tell my daughters I've met you, they're going to freak out! 
Ladybug::: Santa Claus?I'm so glad you're alright, but what are you doing here, it's not Christmas yet.
Santa Claus::: I have no idea! I was busy supervising the production of toys for next Christmas with my elves when all of a sudden, bang! I woke up in my sleigh in the Paris sky. Flying catfishes destroyed my sleigh. My reindeer were able to get away, but if it hadn't been for Cat Noir, they would have captured me.
Ladybug:::Don't you think this whole thing is kind of strange?
Cat Noir::: Stranger than fighting a pharaoh's reincarnation or a pigeon overlord empowered by magical butterflies, you mean?
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Aha! Gotcha!
Philippe and Ladybug::: Ah!
Colonel Woof-Woof::: My sense of smell has sniffed you out, Santa Claus. Follow me and do not show resistance.
Cat Noir::: Stay back, Santa Claus!
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Christmaster demands his gift.
Ladybug::: Christmaster?
Santa Claus::: Christmas gifts must be deserved, and they're only given at Christmas. If you think I'm going to bend the rules, you're barking up the wrong tree. 
Philippe:::Now hold on a minute, there's no use in fighting, that's not the Christmas spirit, now is it?
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Hm?
Philippe:::Would it be such a big deal if you gave the presents early, just this once?
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Listen to the smart man.
Philippe:::And while we're at it, I asked for Super Blades and I could really use them for my upcoming competition.
Cat Noir::: I kinda like this idea. I asked for—
Santa Claus::: Stop! That's not the way it works. 
Philippe and Cat Noir:::Aw, why not?
Santa Claus::: Christmas rules are very strict. You don't open gifts early. I give them at Christmas, not Easter or Halloween. Otherwise…
Santa Claus and Ladybug:::…you might as well have a bunny or a witch delivering your presents!
Ladybug::: Oh no, what have I done?
Philippe::: But couldn't you…
Cat Noir::: …make an exception?
Santa Claus:::Tradition is tradition if we stop respecting it, then it's the end of Christmas.
Philippe and Cat Noir::: Aw. 
Santa Claus::: Well, there is one case in which I could make an exception for—
Santa Claus and Ladybug::: —The best-behaved kid in the whole world. 
Ladybug::: The one at the top of your list of good children.
Santa Claus::: Bravo, Ladybug. At last someone who knows the rules of Christmas. But I doubt your Christmaster is the best-behaved kid in the whole world.
Colonel Woof-Woof::: In that case, soldiers, attack!
Soldier::: Attack!
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Ah!
Santa Claus::: Why so much hatred? 
Philippe::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, protect Santa Claus, I can take care of these toys!Hahahaha, triple axel, and a pike spin into a double toe loop.Not so high and mighty now, are we?Ow! Such sharp teeth for a toy! Get me out of here!
Ladybug::: I think I know who the toys' master is. I should have thought of it sooner. 
Cat Noir::: Who is he?
Ladybug::: I just have to check first to be sure. May I Santa Claus?That smell of a wood fire and cinnamon cookies. It's so Christmassy.You're up, Santa Cat.
Colonel Woof-Woof:::This way! I smell Santa Claus's scent. 
Cat Noir::: Ho ho ho! Merry Christmas everyone.
Colonel Woof-Woof::: There he is! I can smell him. He is not far. Follow me! 
Philippe::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, oh!
Ladybug::: Come on Santa Claus, I know where to find Christmaster. 
Nino::: Chris! Chris! Chris! Ladybug! My little bro Chris, he was in his bedroom and then he disappeared! Uh, Santa Claus? 
Santa Claus::: Ho ho, hello, Nino! 
Ladybug::: Nino, I think Chris has been akumatized. Did you notice anything different about his room? 
Nino:::His favorite toys have gone missing, too.
Ladybug::: Plastic soldiers, a catfish?
Nino::: Yes! Plus his dinosaur.
Ladybug::: So he is the toys' master. But, he could be anywhere, how are we gonna find him?
Nino:::Please save the little dude, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm! 
Nino::: Stationary?
Santa Claus::: You make surprise gifts appear? Are competing with me, Ladybug? 
Ladybug::: Of course! You're right! A surprise gift!Could have my Christmas present right now, Santa Claus? Please?
Santa Claus::: You know that I can't do that Ladybug.
Ladybug::: Except…
Santa Claus::: For the best-behaved kid in the whole world. But…
Ladybug::: It's certainly worth a try. 
Santa Claus:::Unbelievable! Ladybug, you are the best-behaved kid in the whole world.
Nino::: Well, seeing as she saved Paris a gazillion times, it totally makes sense. 
Santa Claus:::Dear Santa, I want the same gift as Chris Lahiffe, whatever it is. Are you sure about this? You know that this is the only gift you'll get this whole year from me. 
Ladybug::: Yes, I know, but I'm doing it to save Paris and Nino's little brother.
Santa Claus::: Ah, you really do deserve to be at the top of my list. Merry Christmas, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Thank you Santa Claus, now get to safety. I'll take it from here. 
Nino::: By the way Santa Claus, where do I fall on the list? 
Santa Claus::: Uh…
Nino::: Aw… 
Ladybug:::Christmaster, I've got your Christmas present. Come and get it if you want it. Huh?Hm! 
Christmaster:::Wow, awesome! Grobotech Ultimate Destructor! 
Colonel Woof-Woof::: Mission accomplished Christmaster. We have captured Santa Claus.
Bear::: He tried to trick us by dressing up as Cat Noir. But he couldn't fool us. 
Cat Noir::: Hee hee. 
Christmaster::: You were tricked! That's Cat Noir dressed up as Santa Claus, not the other way around! You're such babies!Keep searching! 
Hawk Moth::: It doesn't matter, Christmaster, you don't need Santa Claus anymore now that you have your present. I, on the other hand, haven't yet received mine. Take Cat Noir's Miraculous. Then all you have to do is get a hold of Ladybug's magic jewels.
Christmaster::: Give your paw, kitty cat, Hawk Moth wants your ring. It's a stupid dumb-dumb Christmas gift, but that's his price.Ladybug?
Ladybug::: Christmas presents are delivered on Christmas Eve, and only to the good kids, Christmaster. I hate to say you and Hawk Moth didn't even make Santa Claus's list.
Hawk Moth:::That's where you're wrong, Ladybug. You've just brought me my second gift, which only goes to show what a good Hawk Moth I've been this year. Use the powers I gave you Christmaster and seize their Miraculous.
Christmaster:::I have my secret weapons to fight you with. Yourselves!Have fun dumb-dumbs!
Ladybug::: Well at least now we know for sure that the akuma is in his snow globe.
Cat Noir::: And we're gonna have to defeat ourselves!
Toy Ladybug::: Lucky charm! 
Toy Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Toy Ladybug::: Lucky charm! 
Toy Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Cat Noir::: Playtime never ends for these two. 
Ladybug:::Problem is, my playtime is up. I don't have much time left before I transform back. 
Cat Noir::: Watch out!Then it's time to show them who the real game masters are. 
Christmaster::: Hahaha my toys are going to destroy you. You guys are such babies! 
Hawk Moth:::It's over! In a few seconds now their Miraculous will me mine! Christmas has come early this year!
Toy Ladybug::: Lucky charm! 
Toy Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Cat Noir::: What about using my power to destroy these toys?
Toy Ladybug::: Lucky charm! 
Ladybug::: If that's our only choice, but we need to save it to smash the snow globe.
Santa Claus::: Ho ho ho, paws off, you naughty toys. 
Ladybug::: Santa Claus!
Santa Claus::: At your service, Ladybug. There's no way I'm letting anything happen to the best-behaved kid in the world! I'll take care of these two!
Cat Noir::: The best-behaved kid in the world?
Ladybug::: That's me!
Christmaster::: Ah! No fair, my toys!
Ladybug::: Come on Chris. Give me that snow globe. You've got your Christmas gift. 
Hawk Moth:::If you don't want me to take away your present, Christmaster,remember that you're supposed to bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous! 
Ladybug::: No, stop!Oh, no!
Christmaster::: Destroy them, Grobotech Ultimate Destructor!Nobody can beat Grobotech Ultimate Destructor!
Cat Noir:::I can take it down, nothing can resist my Cataclysm.
Ladybug::: I know but I'm gonna need it fully functional, follow my lead. Hey Grobothing, you want my Miraculous, come and get it!Over to you, Cat Noir. 
Christmaster::: Stop Grobotech!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Christmaster::: No! Not my toy!
Ladybug::: You have a choice, your toy or the snow globe. 
Hawk Moth:::No don't do that!
Santa Claus:::Ho ho ho, listen to Ladybug, kid, you won't regret it. 
Hawk Moth:::No!
Ladybug::: Thank you Christmaster. 
Marinette::: No more evildoing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.
Chris::: Huh? 
Ladybug, Cat Noir, and Santa Claus::: Pound it!
Santa Claus::: Goodbye my friends. 
Ladybug::: Goodbye Santa Claus.
Cat Noir::: Goodbye? Why?
Ladybug:::Because Santa Claus was brought here by Christmaster's power, so when everything's repaired…
Santa Claus::: …I'll be gone, 'til next Christmas! 
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug! 
Cat Noir::: So big kid, feeling better?
Chris::: Yeah, but, I don't remember much. 
Ladybug::: Don't worry, everything's fine.
Cat Noir::: Come on, big Boy.
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, could you take Chris back home please?
Cat Noir::: Sure thing.
Chris::: Goodbye, Ladybug!
Hawk Moth::: You stole my Christmas presents, Ladybug. But my birthday's coming soon, and trust me, I'll make sure it's a day you'll never forget. 
Nino::: Thanks again for looking after the little dude, Marinette. 
Alya::: Have fun! 
Marinette::: Sure will! It'll be awesome. We're really good buddies.I know I shouldn't have told you that I was one of Santa Claus's elves. But you were acting like—
Chris::: A baby, I know. Mommy says lying is wrong. So from now on, we'll always tell each other the truth, okay? 
Marinette::: Okay. As long as you stop trying to act all grown up. 
Chris::: You're not an elf, but you still have another secret, right? 
Marinette:::Uh, another secret, what-what do you mean, like a secret identity?
Chris::: No, the secret in that chest! 
Tikki::: Hm?
Marinette::: Okay. The truth. There's this guy at school I have a crush on-
Chris:::Ew! No stop! I hate romantic stuff. Gross! 
Marinette:::Oh, I am so in love.I dream about holding his hand, looking at the stars together...
