Rose:::I see their faces everywhere I go Dreaming about them in the night! You know I love unicorns And nothing makes me feel better! 
Luka::: Marinette hasn't come around here for a while. Is she okay?
Alya:::Oh, yeah! Yeah! She's fine. It's just that she... she... she's got a lot of stuff going on.
Luka::: You can be honest with me, you know? She's stopped showing up because she knows I'm in love with her, right?
Rose::: Of course not, Luka! Marinette stopped coming because the rehearsals are the exact same time as her Aqua Pony classes with Pom-pony, her favorite pony! Pom-pony is so cute, with his golden mane that's so brush-able, but he's also super sensitive and everytime Marinette misses Aqua Pony, Pom-pony gets depressed! 
Luka::: I get it, Rose. Thanks. 
Alya:::Wow, Rose.
Rose::: I know, but we couldn't tell him that Marinette is too embarrassed to see him. It would have broken his heart! We've gotta find a way to patch things up between them so they can see each other and be buddies again! We can all be buddies, right? Oh, I know! Luka could go to Aqua Pony class with Marinette!
Mylène::: You know that aqua pony is not real, don't you?
Rose:::Oh. Yeah, right!
Mylène::: I'm sure we can figure out a way to get Luka and Marinette together!
Zoé::: Something that Marinette has to come to.
Ivan::: Where they'll talk to each other!
Nino::: And be buddies again!
Alya::: Hey, aren't we all going to see the Rock and Monster Party Parade together this Saturday? What if, instead of going to the movies, we had a party right here on the houseboat! For Juleka's birthday... and Luka's!
Mylène::: Of course! Since they're twins, it's Luka's birthday, too, which means he'll be there!
Zoé::: And Marinette!
Nino::: Wait a sec, Adrien can't come this Saturday! He's got a fashion show.
Alya::: Perfect! If Adrien shows up, Marinette wouldn't be able to take her eyes off him.
Alix::: And she might act... well, you know?
Zoé::: I'll help set up!
Nino::: I'm on music!
Alya::: And I'll take care of Marinette!
Mylène::: What do you think, Juleka? Awesome idea, right?
Juleka::: I... yeah.
Rose::: Thanks, Jul. You're the best! 
Marinette::: A party on the house boat for Juleka's birthday? Okay.Oh! Wait a minute, Alya Césaire. We were supposed to go to the movies for Juleka's birthday, but now we're having a party on the houseboat and since Luka is Juleka's twin, it's also his birthday, which means he'll be there! But you thought I'd never figure that out and would end up on the houseboat with him, and since the houseboat is on the river, I'd have no way of leaving, and I'd be forced to talk to him! It's a trap!
Alya::: Okay, girl. You're really good. No wonder you're Ladybug.
Marinette::: Alya, you can't do this to me!
Alya::: No, you can't do this to Luka! You've been avoiding him for too long. You have to talk him. Just because you're not together doesn't mean you can't still be friends.
Marinette::: But it'll be so awkward! You know that Luka's in love with me, but I'm in love with Adrien, and every time we see each other, he just ends up getting hurt all over again because he knows I'll never feel the same.
Alya::: Overdoing it a little?
Marinette::: He got akumatized twice because of me.
Alya::: Yeah, but things are different this time! If that happens, once you— I mean, Ladybug, saves him and gives him the magical charm, he'll never get akumatized again! And then you guys can try to be friends again! You can't say no to that.It's your duty!
Marinette::: Uh... okay.
Marinette:::Juleka! Hey! 
Marinette::: Psst! Psst! Psssst! Juleka!
Juleka::: Talking garbage can? Awesome!
Marinette:::No, Juleka, it's me! I'm really sorry. I told Alya I'd come to your birthday and I thought there'll be no problems with Luka but... I really hate to ask this; but do you think you could arrange for Luka to, like, not go? 
Juleka::: Uhh...
Marinette::: I know, it's his birthday, too, but it wouldn't exactly be a great birthday if the girl who broke his heart were there, right? I'd totally miss it if I could but Alya just won't drop it. You know, I feel terrible that I make Luka unhappy and that he got akumatized because of me. I don't think I could ever look him in the eyes again, and... and...
Juleka:::I'll see what I can do.
Marinette::: Really! You'll talk to him? Oh, Juleka, you're the best! 
Juleka:::Hey, I'd like to have a party here with the gang on Saturday after all.
Luka:::Great idea!
Juleka::: And actually, um... well... Marinette...
Luka::: Marinette will be there? Woah, I'm so relieved. I really thought she was avoiding me.That's cool, really! Super cool!
Luka::: Was there something else?
Juleka::: No.No.
Luka:::Juleka, I know that look. You're holding back something in there. That needs to come out.
Luka::: Dad? 
Jagged::: Luka! Hey, son! How's it strumming? 
Luka and Jagged::: Rock and roll!
Juleka:::Hi. 
Jagged::: Ready for the chord of the day, my Boy? The diminished D7. I use it in all my tear-jerking ballads.
Anarka:::Jagged, you scallywag! No stowaways on my ship! Disembark my house right this instant!
Jagged:::Hey, Anarka! Rock and roll! How'd you know I was here? I was being so sneaky!
Anarka::: Sneaky?? Your tour bus is parked on the dock, you one-hit wonder!
Jagged::: Nanarky, you can't keep me from teaching the diminished D7 to my son!
Anarka::: I appreciate you trying to create a bond with your children, Jagged. But no one sets foot on my houseboat without the captain's permission, and that captain is me!
Luka::: Well then, Mom, uh, with your permission, could Dad come to our birthday on Saturday? Juleka wants to throw a party.
Jagged:::Hey, Juleka! Rock and roll! I didn't see you there.
Anarka::: Juleka, you really want this old pirate to be at your birthday?
Juleka::: I— um...Yes.
Jagged:::Awesome! See you on Saturday then!Rock and roll! 
Alya:::So, Juleka, everything good? Luka will be there, right?
Marinette:::Hey, Juleka! Everything good? Luka won't be there, right?
Luka:::I'm so happy that everyone will be there! 
Alya::: Marinette, I have to say that I'm really impressed with you. I never thought you'd be so chill about seeing Luka again.See how brave Marinette's being, Juleka?
Marinette::: It's nothing. You gotta get over things in life. Grow up a bit.Sorry again. We're asking to do this but thanks for getting Luka out of here, Juleka. I couldn't handle this otherwise. Is he okay, by the way? I hope he didn't take it too hard— AHHH! 
Luka::: Hey, Marinette!
Marinette:::Excuse me! Sorry! I've got something to do! It's super urgent! Yep! Bye!I'm okay!
Luka:::Is something wrong with Marinette?
Rose::: What's going on, Jul?
Alya::: Where is she going?
Nino::: Is there a problem?
Alix::: Is she okay?
Ivan::: What's wrong with her?
Juleka:::It's just that... I— um— oh...! 
Rose::: Jul!
Luka:::I knew it. Marinette doesn't want to have anything to do with me, and Juleka didn't have the heart to tell me. 
Shadow Moth::: The cruel disillusion of a young man who hoped that a friendship with a faded love could be rekindled.Fly away, my little akuma! Go evilize that heart!
Alya::: Luka, come on. It's not like that!
Nino::: You know how she gets around awkward situations.
Zoé::: She doesn't hate you. She's just... Marinette.
Rose::: And she wouldn't say anything because she didn't want to hurt you.
Ivan::: She was trying to protect you.
Alix::: Everyone loves you here!
Luka::: Thanks, guys, for everything.
Shadow Moth:::How strange. The negative feelings have disappeared. But stay where you are, my little akuma. The party with teenagers always makes for a party of strong emotions. 
Marinette:::Juleka!
Marinette::: Why is he here?You couldn't tell him, could you?
Shadow Moth:::A young girl disappointed in herself and wrecked with guilt! 
Marinette::: Of course, you couldn't tell him. I asked you to do the impossible. I'm so sorry, Juleka. 
Shadow Moth:::Again? What's going on?
Jagged::: Hey, kids! Everything jammin'?
Luka::: Hi, Dad!
Jagged::: Sorry I'm tardy to the party, son. You have any wrapping paper I could borrow?
Alya::: Hang on. Jagged...
Nino::: ...is the father of...
Rose::: ...Luka and Juleka?
Shadow Moth:::A group of friends surprised to find out that two of them have been keeping secrets.
Ivan::: That's... so... awesome!!
Shadow Moth:::Yes, well, I should've guessed.
Juleka::: Oh, yeah. He's my dad.
Marinette::: What?? Jagged is your father?Why would you think he doesn't love you and likes your brother better?
Jagged::: You'll see, she's a real beauty! A sound that'll make your head spin.So you better hide it, okay?And not a word to your sister! 
Shadow Moth:::Ah, a young girl whose biggest fears have come true!And what could be worse than not being loved by your own father.
Marinette::: Hang on, Juleka. I'm sure this is just a misunderstanding. You need to talk to your dad. That's how problems get solved.Jagged!
Jagged:::Marinette! 
Marinette:::Hi, Luka! Yes, I know we need to talk, and we will, but don't worry. But right now, I need to talk to your dad! Jagged, you can't just give an amazing electric guitar to your son and nothing......nothing......and nothing to your daughter!
Jagged:::Hey, thanks a lot for your incredible discretion, Marinette. Rock and roll. Actually, this was supposed to be a surprise gift for Juleka. Juleka plays bass for Kitty Section, right? So I thought it'd be cool if I gave her the very first bass I ever owned.Happy birthday, Juleka.
Juleka::: Thank you!
Jagged::: And of course, I've got a present for my two kids. My gift for Luka was this original edition of the first LP from Crocoduo, the group I had with their mom.Happy birthday, Luka.
Anarka::: Jagged, you really are a shipwrecker. How dare you come here and give my son the album that caused our break-up?!
Jagged::: Caused our break-up?? You mean the album to help me get my life back after you left me!
Anarka:::You got a lot of nerve, pirate! You were the one who left me! 
Jagged::: No, you were!!
Shadow Moth:::Finally! Two fractured lovers full of resentment and anger!
Shadow Moth:::Crocoduel, I am Shadow Moth. I'm giving you the power to get back together, to better tear each other apart! You finally have the chance to prove to the other that you were right. All I ask in return is that one of you bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. May the best rocker win!
Marinette::: Everybody, get out of the boat! Quick!
Captain Hardrock::: Ye selfish sea dog, ye sailed off on your own cruise leaving two little mateys behind!
Guitar Villain::: I had to go solo after you destroyed our duo!
Captain Hardrock::: Liberty,fire!!
Guitar Villain::: Ultimate Solo!
Juleka:::Stop arguing, start talking!
Marinette:::You-know-who needs a little help to slip away! 
Alya:::Ow! Ouch! I think I just sprained my ankle!
Marinette:::Time to transform! 
Captain Hardrock:::Come back here, you scallywag!
Guitar Villain::: You have to catch me!
Guitar Villain::: Ha ha ha! Your powers are off-key, Ladybug!
Captain Hardrock::: You shouldn't venture into deep waters if you don't know how to swim!
Shadow Moth:::Now, Crocoduel! Seize their Miraculous!
Guitar Villain::: Ladybug's Miraculous is mine!
Captain Hardrock::: No, mine!!
Ladybug::: Whenever you're ready, Cat Noir! The show's already started! 
Stylist::: Quick, Monsieur Adrien! We better seek shelter while Ladybug and Cat Noir deal with this!
Adrien::: The show must go on! Find safety. I'll finish putting on my make-up myself. 
Stylist::: Oh! What a pro! 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Captain Hardrock::: Unless you want to be crushed by my cannonballs, Ladybug, give your Miraculous!
Guitar Villain::: No! You're going to give your jewels to me, or my Awesome Solo will destroy Par—
Cat Noir::: Bugaboo, promise me that we won't be like them when we're an old couple.
Ladybug::: For that to happen, we'd have to be a couple first, Kitty Cat!
Guitar Villain::: Hey! Where do you think you're going?
Captain Hardrock::: Don't tell me you're gonna let those two house pets beat us?!Huh? Where did she go?
Guitar Villain::: I'm the only one who gets to shipwreck you, Captain Hardrock!
Captain Hardrock::: Come on, Guitar Villain! We've got a duel to finish!
Guitar Villain::: You stay here! We'll be back for you!
Captain Hardrock::: Steer a course to the sky! 
Cat Noir::: Hey, no fair! We don't have any wings or a flying pirate ship!
Guitar Villain::: So, where were we?
Captain Hardrock::: The only thing you've ever cared about is your music!
Guitar Villain::: Our music! 
Captain Hardrock::: Liberty,fire at will!!
Guitar Villain::: Awesome Solo! 
Shadow Moth:::They'll tire of this eventually.
Ladybug::: To think that they were in love once...
Luka::: Looks like those feelings are long gone.
Ladybug:::Still, it's no reason to stop talking to each other. Lucky Charm!
Cat Noir::: Not sure if that's gonna be strong enough to patch things up between them, m'lady.
Ladybug::: We need someone to listen to! 
Ladybug::: Luka, don't stay here. We'll talk later. I-I mean, it's not safe. 
Cat Noir::: Where's she going? Eh, I'll just protect Paris on my own. 
Ladybug::: You okay?
Ladybug::: Juleka Couffaine, here is the Miraculous of the tiger, which gives the power of clout. You will use it for the greater good. 
Roaar:::Let's cause some havoc!!
Ladybug::: Once the job is done, you will return the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you?
Juleka:::Yes.
Roaar::: What? I can't hear you!
Juleka:::...Yes.
Roaar:::I still can't hear you! Come on, is that all you got?
Juleka::: I said... YES!!!
Roaar::: Ooohh! You are good! You and I are gonna get along just fine! All you gotta say now is, Roaar, stripes on!
Juleka::: Roaar, stripes on! 
Roaar::: Here you gooooo!!
Random Civilian::: Thank you, Cat Noir! 
Ladybug::: Hey, Kitty Cat! You're gonna throw us up as high as you can! Can you do that?
Cat Noir::: I can sure try!Hey there! I'm Cat Noir, and you are?
Purple Tigress::: I'm... uhh... Purple Tigress!
Cat Noir::: Purple Tigress?Meow! That makes us practically family!
Cat Noir::: Here we go! 
Ladybug:::Ahoy, Captain Hardrock!
Purple Tigress:::Time to turn the volume down, Da— uh— Guitar Villain!
Captain Hardrock::: Give that back, Ladybug!
Guitar Villain::: Hey, come back! You're ruining the music!
Ladybug::: Where's the akuma?
Purple Tigress::: I'm sure I saw it go in there!
Captain Hardrock::: I'll make ye walk the plank, vermin!
Guitar Villain:::Not in the top 10 now, are we?
Guitar Villain::: Rockin' Riff, Baby! 
Cat Noir::: It didn't work? 
Ladybug::: I don't get it!
Purple Tigress::: The akuma entered these objects before they were torn and separated.
Ladybug::: Oh!We broke them separately, so we should actually join them together to break them together again!
Captain Hardrock::: Full speed ahead!! 
Guitar Villain::: Awesome Solo!! 
Captain Hardrock::: 
Guitar Villain::: Rockin' Riff, Baby!
Ladybug::: Go ahead, Purple Tigress! Keep them at bay!
Superpower Sequence Purple Tigress::: Clout!
Purple Tigress::: Mom, Dad, I'm sorry, but... talk it over instead of arguing!!
Ladybug:::It's up to you, Kitty!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug:::No more evil-doing for you, little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!! 
Ladybug, Cat Noir, & Purple Tigress::: Pound it!
Ladybug:::Anarka,Jagged, I wish I could help you work things out but that's beyond my powers. However, these magical charms will protect you from Shadow Moth in the future.
Cat Noir::: Nice right hook, Purple Tigress.I hope we'll see you again! 
Shadow Moth::: Ladybug, you and your friends always manage to create harmony. But one day, someone will hit a wrong note, and then I'll be the one making music! 
Juleka::: Thanks for trusting me, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: I knew you'd make yourself heard. And don't hesitate to speak your mind loud and clear, even without your suit, if you need to! 
Anarka::: You shipwrecker! It's your fault we've got akumatized!
Jagged::: Are you kidding?? You were the one was completely off-key!
Juleka::: STOP!!! Now you are going to apologize and make up by talking. Not yelling! 
Anarka:::But he was the one who...
Jagged::: It was her...
Juleka::: No one cares! The past is the past.
Jagged::: I'm sorry, Nanarky. I was wrong.
Anarka::: No, you old pirate. It was me. 
Jagged:::No, it's my fault.
Marinette:::Juleka, you rock!
Jagged::: No, really, it was me!
Anarka::: No, me!
Jagged::: I was telling you it's my fault!
Anarka::: My fault!
Jagged::: No, it's mine!
Anarka::: Mine!!
Jagged::: Mine!!
Jagged::: Juleka, I know I haven't been playing to your tune; but you know, whatever you wanna say to me, I'm all ears.
Juleka:::I love you, Dad!
Jagged::: You rock my world, too. 
Luka::: What about you, Marinette? When are you going to finally tell Adrien how you feel?
Marinette::: Oh, uh... Adrien?
Luka::: If Juleka was able to make her voice heard, I'm sure you'll be able to someday, too.
Marinette::: I'm sorry I've been avoiding you. I... 
Luka::: You know, it hurts more not seeing you than seeing you, Marinette. 
Marinette:::Buddies?
Luka::: Buddies. 
