Nadja:::Ladybug and Cat Noir have saved Paris yet again. 
Marinette:::And yet again, Marinette hopes she'll finally have enough time to complete her magic box. 
Tikki::: What's the magic box for, Marinette?
Marinette::: To lock up my diary, and all my secrets.
Tikki::: Every little secret? You're telling me that you write everything down in that thing?
Marinette::: Uh... yeah, something wrong?
Tikki::: Well, for one, what if someone finds out you're Ladybug? And two, what if someone finds out you're Ladybug?!
Marinette::: Not gonna happen. Try it, Tikki.
Tikki:::Hey!
Marinette::: And... it works! 
Nadja:::Yesterday, Mr. Bourgeois was re-elected as mayor of Paris for the fourth consecutive term. Here we see Mr. Bourgeois with his daughter.
Marinette::: Ugh! Look at Chloé, acting as if she were the mayor of Paris! Oh! Which reminds me, Class Representative Elections are tomorrow!
Tikki::: What's so bad about that?
Marinette::: Chloé is running for class rep. The one person who cares the least about the students, and the most about herself. 
Tikki::: Well then, maybe you should run! 
Marinette::: I totally would, but, don't you think I got enough to do with my duties as Ladybug and all my school work?
Tikki::: Yes, but, if you truly believe in something, you have to try and make it work. It's better to fail trying than not having tried at all!
Marinette::: Maybe...
Tikki::: Don't underestimate yourself, Marinette! 
Nadja:::Armand D'Argencourt, one of Bourgeois's opponents, and fencing instructors of Françoise Dupont High School, was pummeled in the polls. In fact, D'Argencourt acquired the least number of votes in Paris History. 
Marinette::: I'm going to be late for school! Again! See, this is what I'm talking about! 
Miss Bustier::: Chloé is running for the class representative position and Sabrina will be her deputy. Do we have any other candidates? 
Chloé and Sabrina::: Hm!
Miss Bustier::: Yes, Kim?
Kim::: Um, er... nothing.
Marinette::: Hi! I'm sorry! I-uh, I-uh, the bus, , dry throat!
Alya::: Chloé's running again! She's been class rep since when? Kindergarten? 
Marinette::: Oh! Why don't you run as candidate? You'd make an awesome representative! 
Alya::: No can do. My blog is a full-time job! 
Miss Bustier::: Alright, I'll give all of you till the end of lunch to decide if you like to be a candidate.
Marinette:::So what did Chloé say to you this time? She offered to go on a date with you?
Kim::: No, she threatened to tell everyone I'm afraid of spiders.
Rose::: She told me that if I ran for the election, I'd get kicked out of scrapbooking club, and you know how much I love all those stickers, colorful scraps of papers, and gluing!
Alix::: I couldn't care less about being a candidate, and what's your excuse?
Marinette::: Well, uh, um, I'm... really busy! 
Alya::: With what? Oversleeping?
Marinette::: Well, No! But, uh, well, I guess I would run if no one else did.
Miss Bustier::: So, any new candidates who would like to run against Chloé and Sabrina?
Miss Bustier::: Given that Chloé and Sabrina are the only candidates, there's no point in voting. So, Chloé and Sabrina...
Marinette:::I'll run!
Miss Bustier:::Wonderful! You'll need to develop your campaign and have a speech ready by tomorrow. We'll have the vote then.
Alya::: So, let's hear the scoop on your campaign! How are you gonna represent?
Marinette::: Represent? Uh, I have no idea. I still can't believe I raised my hand...
Rose::: Way to go, Marinette! You spoke from the heart, it was truly authentic! 
Marinette::: Huh? Oh, uh... Thanks.
Rose::: When you win, can we get more comfortable chairs? They're so hard, I can barely concentrate in class.Maybe pink ones!
Nino::: And it'd be primo if we could listen to our beats while we study in the library.
Juleka::: Uh, you know... um, I don't-, you know.
Marinette::: Um...Sure, Juleka.
Alya:::Adrien! Marinette can count on your vote, right?
Adrien::: Sure, depending on her speech. 
Marinette:::Better get cracking on that campaign. 
Chloé:::I've watched how my daddy wins every election, and I'm going to follow in his footsteps. I know just how to win!
Sabrina::: By having the best campaign?
Chloé::: Ha! Whatever! The secret to winning in politics is ruining your opponent's reputation!
Marinette::: Softer chairs, music in the library, whatever Juleka said... I'm writing down everyone's issues! Now I just have to get all this in my election speech.
Tikki::: I'm proud of you, I'm sure you're gonna win! You'll make an awesome class rep!
Marinette::: They're all relying on me to defeat Chloé. Even Adrien, do you realize that?
Alya:::Marinette, battle's on.
Marinette::: Why? What's going on?
Alya::: Chloé's invited the whole class to her campaign launch party at City Hall and she's got Jagged coming, too!
Marinette::: Seriously? Jagged, my favorite star?! I love him! Oh, and so does everyone else.
Alya::: Precisely! She's trying to buy student votes with autographs!
Marinette::: Not if I have anything to say about it! Meet you there!
Sabrina::: I'm going in, Chloé. 
Sabine::: Hello!
Sabrina::: Hi there! Marinette borrowed my math book for our Geometry homework, but I need it back.
Sabine::: Marinette's not here, uh, I've got customers to attend to, but go on up and grab it from her room if you don't mind.
Sabrina::: I'd be glad to, thanks!
Adrien::: Wow, Mr. D'Argencourt, never seen you on fire like this! That was some attack!
Armand::: It ought be. This particular maneuver hither was developed by my ancestor Darkblade.
Adrien::: Darkblade?
Armand::: In the days of yore, Darkblade conquered Paris and ruled over it with an iron fist. Until he was overthrown vence by a wealthy Frenchman who used his dirty gold to buy the loyalties of the common people. To think that not so long ago, my ancestor's flag was waving above Paris...
Nadja::: Is that what you ran in the election, Mr. D'Argencourt? To seek revenge on your ancestors behalf?
Armand::: Part le fer! Who dost we have hither?
Nadja::: Nadja Chamack. Don't be bemused, it's just the news! Do you have anything to say about your quote un-quote landslide defeat?
Fred::: Hey, you! Excuse me! How did you get in the school?
Nadja::: I think it's time to get back to the studio! 
Fred::: Get back here!
Armand::: Here endeth the lesson.
Hawk Moth:::A loser and an utter failure in an election. But the perfect candidate to lobby my own campaign.Fly away, my evil little akuma, and take control of this defeated fighter!
Nadja::: Mr. D'Argencourt, it has been said, and I quote, that you're stuck in the dark ages like a stubborn old rusted battle-axe. What do you have to say to that?
Armand::: Poisonous wretch! Darest thou approach with such venomous questions? Be gone now, pestilent pain in the neck! 
Hawk Moth::: Darkblade... In return for the powers I'm giving you, you'll capture Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous for me.
Armand::: When the flag bearing the emblem of mine ancestors lies once again upon the roof of City Hall, then to thee I shall indeed be indebted! 
Nadja:::Anything y-you'd like to say about your t-transformation into a-
Darkblade::: Darkblade! The lord of Paris!Thou shalt become my knights! Soon mine army shalt be immense and unstoppable!We shall take City Hall by storm and reclaim the throne from Bourgeois the usurper!
Plagg::: Whoa, that's some medieval madness!
Adrien:::Time to transform!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Darkblade:::Zounds! What a great beast to join our conquest! 
Darkblade::: Let us to battle, knights! Part le fer!
Cat Noir::: The people had their say and they chose Bourgeois over you, D'Argencourt!
Darkblade::: Thy peoples matter not to me. D'Argencourt was defeated, not Darkblade! En garde!
Sabrina:::Chloé, I made it in. So, what am I looking for?
Chloé:::Anything. As long as it's totally embarrassing.
Sabrina:::Wait, I had one just like this! How about... a ball of yarn! Or a screwdriver?
Chloé::: 'Course not, dingbat! A disgusting photo of her or some really tacky piece of clothing! Dig around a bit!
Sabrina:::Ohh... how about her diary?
Chloé::: Wow! You can actually accomplish something when you put my mind to it!
Chloé::: Sabrina? Sabrina?!
Mr. Bourgeois::: I'm pleased to welcome you all to the official launch of Chloé's electoral campaign. And a special thank-you to world-famous pop-star Jagged for endorsing her.
Chloé::: And, when you vote for me, you'll get free tickets to Jagged's next concert!
Marinette::: Huh! You got an autograph?
Alya::: Uh... Yeah, got you one too. Sorry, couldn't help myself.
Marinette::: Nope, I'm not falling for it. But, I'll consider forgiving you if you vote for me.
Cat Noir::: Seriously? How did I not see that coming?
Darkblade::: Take him!
Darkblade::: Nary a minute to be wasted! City Hall awaits us!
Cat Noir::: City Hall, huh? You go first. I'll catch up with you.
Chloé::: What took you so long? You'd better have gotten her diary.
Sabrina::: I did! Sorta... 
Chloé:::What is that?
Sabrina::: When I grabbed the diary, this crazy box clipped down around my hand!
Chloé::: And I'm supposed to believe you? Ughhh... Why do I bother?
Marinette::: Do you realize that you're all being bribed? Concert tickets are awesome, but they aren't gonna solve classroom problems.
Nathaniel::: So what's your campaign then, Marinette?
Marinette::: Well, um, I'm, um, thinking that cushions would be more realistic than buying new chairs.Your cushion could be very pink. And I'll see about listening to music in the library. Through headphones, of course.
Chloé:::Remarkable. You actually sound like a class rep. Too bad you don't have a chance of winning. A word?
Marinette::: Oh! My diary! What were you doing-?
Chloé::: If you don't pull out of the race, all your secrets will be revealed.
Marinette::: Don't-uh, I mean, uh, what secrets?
Chloé::: Ha! I guess we'll find out... as soon as I get my hands on a chainsaw!
Knight::: O-ye, o-ye! Darkblade shalt speak now! Listen or be imprisoned!
Darkblade::: Henceforth, my flag shalt fly over thy kingdom! Bourgeois, pathetic knave, come hither and do battle!
Mr. Bourgeois::: What did he say?
Alya::: Basically, he's gonna bust you up.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Ehh... Ask my secretary for an appointment!
Darkblade::: Ha ha ha ha ha! Bow down to Darkblade, or feel the wrath of mine sword!
Knights::: Part le fer! Part le fer! Dahhh!
Darkblade::: Take him!
Cat Noir::: Guys, do you only know heavy metal?
Marinette::: Ouch! Cat Noir... Hurry!
Cat Noir:::That was a nice warm-up!
Darkblade::: Part le fer! 
Jagged::: Wait, do I hear the sounds of crazed fans? I can totally get them under control.
Darkblade::: Behold, a minstrel!
Jagged::: Guys, guys, I know you love me, but no reason to fight over it.
Darkblade::: Are you the usurper's champion?
Jagged::: Say what? 
Chloé::: Oh no!
Ivan::: What are we gonna do?
Marinette::: The doors, quickly!
Chloé::: The doors, quickly!
Marinette::: Quick, Chloé!
Chloé::: Quick, Chloé! Oh...
Darkblade::: Kneel before thy flag of Darkblade! Bow down before mine eyes!
Rose::: Chloé, what should we do? What would a class rep do?!
Chloé::: Well, if indeed you vote for me, I'll provide you with an answer. Tomorrow!
Rose::: But we can't wait until tomorrow!
Chloé::: Then you're out of luck. You'll have to ask someone else!
Marinette::: Hmmm...Tikki, we need to talk.
Tikki::: What are you going to do?
Marinette::: Cat Noir needs Ladybug, but the students need me, too!
Tikki::: Trust your instincts.
Marinette::: Kim, Ivan, lock the doors! Make sure all the windows are closed too, quickly!Nino, Juleka, Rose, Mylène and Alya, you come with me!
Alya::: Good job, girl! Now there's a future class representative in the making.
Chloé::: Well, I was going to say the exact same thing. Sabrina, Ivan, Kim, go lock the doors!
Marinette::: We have to barricade the entrance!
Nino::: I hope they haven't gone too medieval on Cat Noir!
Marinette::: It's time to retreat! Sir, we gotta get out of here!
Mr. Bourgeois::: This way! 
Marinette::: I'll catch up with you guys! I'll make sure all the windows are closed first!This should be safe now.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Cat Noir::: Back off, you tin cans!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, over here!Sorry, Cat Noir. I was busy doing damage control inside.
Cat Noir::: I was managing just fine by myself, you know. But it's always nice to see you.
Darkblade::: Come, formation!
Cat Noir::: Strike! 
Darkblade::: Cursèd, colorful acrobats! 
Knight::: Pull! 
Cat Noir::: Why are they going on the roof?Well, at least some of them.
Ladybug::: The flag!
Darkblade::: Tally ho!Ha ha ha! Once these stripes are supplanted by mine coat of arms, I shalt reign supreme!
Ladybug::: The akuma must be in his sword!
Cat Noir::: How are we gonna get a hold of it?
Ladybug::: By getting me close to him! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, don't let him get his banner!
Darkblade::: Villains! Thou impress me not. By the blade of darkness, I hereby declare all peoples of this kingdom are henceforth mine!Bow to King Darkblade!
Darkblade::: Hahahaha!
Ladybug::: Huh?
Darkblade::: Soon thou shalt join my army, you venomous insect!
Cat Noir:::Not so fast! En garde!
Hawk Moth::: It won't be long before Ladybug and Cat Noir show up to meet their doom! 
Cat Noir:::We're about to wind up as knights too!
Knights::: Part le fer!
Ladybug::: toy ladybug appears) Uh, okay...Let's hope Darkblade's ticklish.
Cat Noir:::Not this time.
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Armand::: Hmm? Huh?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Cat Noir:::Uh, Gotta take off, see ya!
Hawk Moth::: Our duel is not over yet, my dear Ladybug. At the end of our battle, I will rule!
Tikki::: Great job, Marinette. You proved that you can be Ladybug and a student leader at the same time.
Marinette::: Wasn't easy, but I'm glad I tried. Cause if I hadn't, I never would've known I could do it.
Chloé::: So where were you? Safely hiding under a rock?
Marinette::: Very funny, Chloé. I got transformed... into a knight.
Adrien:::So did I! What a knightmare! 
Marinette::: Now that this is all over, I want my personal items back!
Chloé::: I really have no idea what you're talking about! I-
Sabrina:::Oh, yes! Please take it off!Thank you!
Alya::: Got an explanation, Chloé?
Chloé::: I told you, I never took her diary! And I'm offended that you're accusing me.
Marinette::: Then how did you even know my diary was in here?
Chloé::: Oh, well, uh... Sabrina told me. It was all her idea!
Nino::: So uncool!
Alya::: At least now we know nobody will be voting for Chloé. You're gonna be our new representative!
Marinette::: Uh... Not so fast, Alya.
Chloé::: Ha ha ha! See? She's undependable! She's already throwing in the towel!
Marinette::: No, I'm not! I just wanna be voted in fairly, not because you don't wanna vote for Chloé, but because you believe in me! I'm not gonna make promises that I can't keep, and I'm not gonna be able to get you everything that you want. But I am resourceful and I know how to prioritize. I'm a good listener and a great multi-tasker. Representing you all is something I truly believe in. And most importantly, I believe in myself. So... Vote for Marinette, for class representative!
Chloé:::What are you doing? Are you out of your mind?! Ugh, what are you even good for?! 
Miss Bustier::: By majority vote, Marinette is the new class representative, and Alya will be her deputy.
Marinette:::You'll be able to do your blog and be deputy. We can do anything if we put our minds to it!
Alya::: I'm with you, girl!
