Gabriel::: Come here, my little akuma, and evilize me!
Gabriel:::The magical charm keeps repelling the akuma.
Nathalie:::If Ladybug was able to create a magical charm to counter the akumas, then your power is capable of evolving, too.
Nathalie::: The Grimoire is clear: the only limits to the powers of the Miraculous are those their holders set for them.
Gabriel::: Duusu, Nooroo, dual metamorphosis! 
Shadow Moth::: Reverse morphosis! 
Gabriel::: Akumatize me!It's no use, Nathalie!
Nathalie:::Don't give up! Force the power to your will. Don't forget why you're doing this, Gabriel!
Gabriel::: Duusu, Nooroo, dual metamorphosis! 
Shadow Moth:::I... can do this! I want it! 
Shadow Moth::: Reverse morphosis! 
Gabriel::: Come, megakuma. Evilize me!
Collector::: Finally!!
Nathalie:::You did it!
Gabriel::: I can't wait to see what you'll make of this, Ladybug.
Rolland:::Not with a dish cloth, son! That's not how it's done! 
Rolland::: It melts in the mouth!
Tom::: And yet perfectly crispy!
Sabine::: It's delicious! Congratulations! It's the first recipe you've made together: your own father-and-son King's Day galette!
Rolland::: The perfect alliance of tradition...
Tom::: And modernity! 
Tikki:::Marinette! Marinette, what's that smell?
Marinette:::It's a galette. Made for King's Day. Every year, same day, same time, whoever finds the charm in their slice gets a to wear a golden paper crown.Go back to sleep, Tikki. It's too early for a Sunday. 
Tikki::: But I've never smelled anything so sweet and wonderful! May I please go and try a little bit?
Marinette::: No, Tikki! No one can see you! 
Wayzz:::What's going on?
Stompp::: Is it breakfast time yet?
Barkk::: Ooohh, I'm hungry! I'm so hungry!
Marinette:::Oh, okay. I get it...
Marinette:::Good morning.
Rolland::: Oh, it's my baby sweetiepie!
Tom::: Did my little girl have a good night sleep?
Marinette:::Can I please have a tiny piece of galette?
Tom::: Marinette has always loved galettes! 
Rolland::: That's not how it's done! The tradition is that first, we sell all the galettes we made,and then we get to enjoy the very last galette together as a family! Until then,all the galettes are for the customers.
Marinette:::Thanks, Dad! 
Tikki::: Where's the galette thing-y that's giving off that enchanting smell?
Marinette::: We have to wait until tonight for the galette, Tikki. But you can have some of this croissant while you wait!
Tikki:::I can't wait that long, Marinette! The smell is soooo extraordinary! I have to taste whatever it is, please, please, please?
Marinette:::Alright. I'll go try and get you a piece. I do want to try Dad and Grandpa's new galette! Hide, Tikki!
Marinette::: Um... I was just thinking, maybe I could help you by handing out little samples of the galette to the customers standing in the line outside! It'll help them stay patient!
Rolland::: Great idea!
Rolland::: It's nice to see that young people still have a sense of service.
Marinette::: Nino! Chris! Happy King's Galette Day!A quartet of queens for the King's Galette!Enjoy, girls!
Marinette::: Here you go! I brought you all some of that delicious ga—Uhh... I... must've... dropped the pieces! Sorry! 
Sass::: That's not what happened!
Daizzi::: Tikki ate them all up!
Tikki:::Me? You're accusing me??
The rest of the Kwamis::: Oh, that's right!
Marinette:::You guys are joking! Tikki would never do such a thing!
Sass::: Marinette, you know how much Tikki loves to eat, but do you really understand the Kwami of Creation's appetite for food?
Stompp::: It's a gourmet craving of cosmic dimensions!
Sass::: The pastry your father and his father created together is exceptional, unique. I'm afraid its impact on Tikki will—
Marinette::: You're exaggerating, Sass. It's just a galette.
Sass::: I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but I think you don't know Tikki as well as you think you do.
Marinette::: What?! Of course, I know her! I can say that I know her better than anyone! 
Tikki::: Don't listen to them, Marinette! He's not worth getting upset about when it's so much easier just to go back and get some galette for everybody!
Marinette::: You're absolutely right, Tikki! So, everyone just stay here like good kwamis and Tikki and I will be back soon with some galette for everyone! Okay?
Ziggy::: We're never gonnaget to taste that sublime galette!
Barkk::: And we'll be lucky if that's the only consequence of the Great Sweet Tooth's appetite!
Sass::: Barkk, Wayzz, since this is an emergency, I'm giving you permission to go out. 
Tikki::: I'm sorry. The distribution took so long and the galette samples smelled so good. 
Marinette::: Don't worry, there'll be enough for everybody! There's no need to react like they did.
André:::I promise to erect a statue in your honor in front of City Hall in exchange for your last galette!
Rolland::: That's not how it's done! The Dupain-Chengs eat the last galettetogether as a family!Get out of here! Away, you felon!Ahh, so, shall we enjoy this last galette?
Chloé:::Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous! Are you kidding me??
Rolland:::Gina?
Tom::: Mom?
Tikki::: Um, Marinette, what are you going to do with that... that galette? 
Marinette::: Don't worry, Tikki. I'll put aside a piece for you and the others. 
Gina::: Happy birthday, Marinetta! 
Tom::: Mom, Marinette's last birthday was only a few months ago and you were there.
Gina::: Oh, this year has gone by a little fast.
Rolland::: How can anyone have their head so far up in the clouds?! A birthday's a birthday! A Galette's Day is a Galette's Day!
Gina::: Who cares? A party is a party! We put candles on the galette and Marinetta will get the present earlier, that's all.Happy birthday, sweetheart! It's a beauty, isn't it?Eighteen hundred cubic centimeters, 2V cylinders, zero to three hundred kilometers per hour in five seconds flat!
Rolland::: Gina! We're talking about a fourteen-year-old girl!
Tom::: There's no way she's going to ride that... thing!
Gina::: And why not?
Wayzz::: Psst!
Wayzz and Barkk::: Marinette.
Gina::: Nothing is too good for my little fairy?
Marinette:::Tikki! What are you doing?
Tikki::: I was just trying to... g-get a... sniff of this fabulous galette! Ah! 
Marinette::: Ahh! Oh, there you are!I was... just about to bring this galette to the living room! So we can eat it... as a family! Right?
Gina::: You may not want to see it but Marinetta is no longer a little ragazza!She's a young lady and she's going to love her Nonna—
Rolland::: Nonsense! Marinette will be an adult when she's twenty-one! Until then, she's a child. Allowing her to think otherwise is crazy enough— 
Marinette::: I don't think I—
Tom::: You guys didn't come here to argue again?! I know my little girl better than anyone, and I think that huge bike is way too dangerous for her!
Marinette::: Hey, I'm—
Rolland::: You're right, son. Your mother is irresponsible and dangerous!
Tom::: That's not what I said!
Gina:::And what do you know about Marinette, Mr. Grumpy?
Wayzz::: Psst!
Sabine::: What exactly are you doing, Marinette?
Marinette::: Nothing!Don't you think it's time we ate Dad and Grandpa's delicious galette?Okay, everybody! Here you go!Come on! Yummy-yummy! Mmm, it's so good! 
Gina::: Tom is overprotective of his daughter anyway. Just like his father was with hi—
Rolland::: That's how it's done! Parents protect their children!
Tom::: I don't overprotect my little girl!
Sabine::: Yes, you do, Tom! She's not a little girl anymore, you know?
Gina::: Agreed! Which means she can ride the bike.
Sabine::: That's not what I said!
Marinette::: Tikki is not acting normal!
Sass::: It's not as if we didn't try to warn you.
Xuppu::: When the Great Sweet Tooth has the munchies...
Ziggy::: She becomes out of control!
Marinette::: There is still one way to take control of this situation. Tikki, spots on! 
Ladybug:::That was close!What's going on?I'm...starving!! 
The rest of the Kwamis::: Uh-oh!!
Rolland::: What Marinette needs is some rules of discipline!
Gina::: Nonsense! What she needs is more freedom!
Tom::: What she needs is a dad who can protect her from everything!!
Sabine::: The person who knows best what Marinette needs is Marinette herself!
Shadow Moth::: A family divided by a tradition that was supposed to bring them together! How terribly sad!Luckily, I just have the recipe to reconcile them!Fly away, my megakuma, and once again, plunge this family into darkness!
Shadow Moth:::Dearest Family, I am Shadow Moth. Don't worry, your magical charms won't stop you from getting your powers back.
Shadow Moth:::Each of you thinks they know Marinette better than the others. To help you figure this out, I'm returning your powers to all of you.
Shadow Moth:::Weredad, Bakerix, Befana, and Qilin, may the strongest of you raise Marinette as they please! But in return, bring me the Miraculous of Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Befana::: I'm coming, Marinetta.Your Befana will set you free!
Bakerix::: That's not how it's done! I'll give you the discipline you need!
Weredad::: I'm the only one that can protect my little girl!
Qilin::: Marinette! I won't let them control your life!
Ladybug:::Quick, hide!
Weredad::: My baby's not here!
Bakerix:::She snuck out!
Qilin:::You frightened her!
Bakerix:::It's your fault!
Weredad:::No, your fault!
Befana:::No, it's yours!
Qilin:::No, yours!
Bakerix::: No, it's yours!
Weredad::: It's yours!
Weredad::: Marinette!!!
Ladybug:::Oh, I'm so hungry! It's impossible to resist these cravings! I need... 
André::: Finally! I got them! I got them!AHH! My galette!No!!!
Ladybug::: Did I just steal these?I've done something terrible!What's gotten into me??
Bakerix::: That's because you need discipline, Ladybug! Just like my granddaughter! 
Bakerix::: Give me your Miraculous! 
Ladybug:::I can't stop! This galette is so good! 
Bakerix::: Galettes are not to be stolen, but eaten as a family! Miraculous is mine!
Cat Noir::: Hey, that looks delicious, m'lady! Save me a piece?
Ladybug::: No way, kitty! But thanks for the helping hand! I need you to deal with Bakerix.I've got an emergency!
Cat Noir::: Sure. Piece of cake!Don't move or you're toast!
Ladybug::: Spots off! 
Marinette::: Tikki! What's going on? So, Sass was right? I don't know you as well as... I thought?
Tikki:::Sorry, Marinette...but I need more!!
Marinette::: AHH!!Tikki, wait! Tikki, spots—
Befana::: Marinetta! My fairy!
Marinette::: Grandma!
Befana::: Bravo, my angels! Thanks to you, I'm the one who found Marinetta first! 
Cat Noir::: Hey! No fair, attacking from behind!
Bakerix::: Hey! I was the one about to take his Miraculous!
Cat Noir:::Ladybug!
Weredad::: Huh? 
Cat Noir::: Ha-ha! I never thought I'd fool anyone with that silly old— AHH!Cataclysm! 
Shadow Moth:::Don't let him elude you! Cat Noir's only bought himself some time. He's used his Cataclysm so he'll soon transform back! Follow him!His Miraculous will be the charm in my galette.
Befana:::I found Marinetta! I'm the one that found her!
Bakerix::: Befana found my little sweetie?
Weredad::: She's my Marinette!
Qilin::: Marinette doesn't belong to anyone!
Shadow Moth:::No! Come back!!
Bakerix::: That broom's just like the bike; it's not for kids!!
Qilin::: There's no way we'll let you impose your bad habits on Marinette!!
Befana::: You don't know what she needs!
Weredad::: I'm the only one who knows how to raise her right!
Parisian 1::: My galette!! Where did it go?!
Parisian 2::: Who stole my galette??
Parisian 3::: That weird bug just ate my galette!
Marinette:::Tikki??
Cat Noir::: Claws in! 
Adrien::: Get your strength back, Plagg. We're not out of this yet!
Marinette::: Tikki!Tikki, you can't stay here! People aren't supposed to see you! Come with me!
Tikki::: I'm sorry, Marinette. I just can't help myself! 
Marinette::: You've gotta try to keep it together, Tikki. My family's been re-akumatized! I need you!
Tikki::: Oh, there's only one piece left. It means if I eat it, it'll be all gone! Ohh...! I know how to get more! 
Marinette::: Tikki, no! A kwami that uses their power without their owner always causes a disaster!
Tikki::: I'm the kwami of creation!!!!LUCKY CHARM!!!!!!!! 
Plagg::: Uh-oh, Sugar Cube's used her power!
Adrien::: Sugar Cube?
Plagg::: Tikki, Ladybug's kwami.
Marinette::: Tikki! I'm begging you! Stop this! Control yourself!
Tikki::: But Marinette, I'm just making the biggest galette in the world!!!
Plagg::: Looks like Tikki's got a little case of the munchies again.
Adrien::: Little?
Plagg::: The last time was centuries ago when humans discovered chocolate. It rained chocolate mousse for eight weeks!Don't look so worried. There's a reason there's also a kwami of destruction!Come on, Adrien! Transform!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Cat Noir:::Power up! 
Astro Cat::: Cataclysm! 
Tikki::: Oh, no! It's okay! I'll just make another one!An even BIGGER ONE!!!
Marinette::: So, Sass was right. But... why didn't you tell me anything?
Tikki:::I was afraid you'd think less of me... because of my cravings.
Marinette::: Oh! Of course, not! I'll always like you, Tikki! Everyone has weaknesses, you know?Let me help you overcome yours, just like you're always helping me overcome mine.You can resist! I have faith in you! Look at me!Bravo!Now, Tikki, spots on!
Qilin::: No, it's yours!
Weredad:::My baby! Where'd she go?
Qilin::: Marinette?
Weredad::: Marinette!
Ladybug::: Thanks for your help with the galette, kitty cat.
Cat Noir::: How's your kwami? Better?
Ladybug::: Yes. It won't happen again.
Cat Noir::: How could Shadow Moth get to the Dupain-Cheng family again? Didn't you give them magical charms?
Ladybug::: I did, but maybe he found a way of overpowering their magic. But that's not gonna stop us from saving them again!
Dearest Family::: Marinette!
Ladybug::: We've gotta find where Shadow Moth's akuma is hiding!
Ladybug:::Nothing!
Cat Noir::: Maybe this one? 
Befana:::You won't stop us from giving Marinette the freedom she needs! 
Bakerix::: No freedom without discipline!
Weredad::: She's my baby!
Qilin::: Marinette is old enough to know what is right for her! The only one she needs is me!
Ladybug::: The akuma must be in an object that's the same for all four villains.
Cat Noir::: Better find it quickly!
Ladybug::: paper crown) A... crown? Of course! The akuma's in the galette, at home!
Cat Noir::: At home?
Ladybug::: Uh— What I mean is... at their home! The Dupain-Cheng home! They must have eaten galette too, as a family! And the akuma's is there. I mean, I'm guessing so... stop them from following me!
Cat Noir::: No, not again!
Befana:::Quick! This way!
Cat Noir:::I did what I could!
Ladybug::: Special delivery! 
Cat Noir::: Thank you, m'lady!And I got the charm! I'm the king! Cataclysm!What in the—
Ladybug::: A more powerful akuma! So that's how Shadow Moth broke the magical charms! No more evil doing for you, big butterfly!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Cat Noir:::Since I'm the king,would you be my queen, Ladybug?
Ladybug::: With pleasure, kitty cat! Tradition is tradition!
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug::: I can't promise that these magical charms will protect you from Shadow Moth. Maybe they'll help you eat your galette in peace!
Marinette::: There you go! You finally get to taste Dad and Grandpa's famous galette!
The rest of the Kwamis:::Woah!!
Sass::: In front of Tikki..?
Marinette::: Go ahead! Tikki's controlling herself very well! 
Tikki::: I'm really sorry, Marinette. I thought I'd never have one of those craving episodes again, but the galette your family created is really an exceptional event in the culinary history of humanity!
Marinette:::I don't blame you, Tikki. But what are we gonna do next year on Galette Day?
Tikki::: I've given it some thought! I'm sure that I can reduce my cravings if I just eat galette more often!
Gina::: Marinetta, we're really sorry. We got all into an argument about this bike.
Rolland::: Because each of us thought we knew what was right for you.
Tom::: But none of us thought to ask...
Sabine::: ...how you were feeling about it.
Marinette::: Actually, you all know me pretty well! This bike will be awesome, in a few years. However, I'd be super excited to have an electric mini scooter!
Tom::: Uh— A scooter's okay but with a helmet, right?
Sabine::: See, I told you she would be solo.
Gabriel::: Emilie, my queen, Ladybug and Cat Noir escaped me again today, but I will never give up. I will get their Miraculous. Thanks to the all powerful forces of destruction and creation, I'll destroy this world that took you from us to build a new one, where we'll never be apart again. I will succeed, Emilie. Whatever the cost.
