Marinette::: You're so talented, Luka. How long have you been playing for?
Luka::: Since I was in diapers. 
Marinette::: 
Alix::: I get a feeling Marinette likes Luka a lot.
Alya::: At least she can have a normal conversation with him without getting allblahblah blahblah blahblah blahblah!
Mylène::: I guess you mean not like when she's with Adrien.
Alix::: And at least Luka gets to go out whenever he wants.
Kagami::: Thank you.
Mylène::: They're so cute together.
Alix::: So true.
Alya::: Sure are.
Adrien::: You think? 
Kagami::: I agree. That Boy and your friend seem to get along very well.
Alya::: Adrien! Kagami!
Alix::: Your father let you out?!
Adrien::: We're officially at fencing practice right now, butOh, no, Kagami. Isn't this the wrong address?
Kagami::: Oh, dear, I think you're right.
Luka::: It's a good thing Adrien's found someone he can get out of the house with at last.
Marinette::: ...Hi, Adrien. It's cool you couldn't come alone. Oh-I mean, you came with someone.Hey Kagamoo Ah, Kamoogi Uh Kagami...
Kagami::: Nice to see you too, Marinette. Have you come to watch your Boyfriend rehearse?
Anarka:::I will NOT be your second choice!
Jagged::: But you've always been my muse, please!
Alya::: Kagami might be on to something, you know.
Marinette::: Luka? You know he's just a friend. 
Jagged::: You know perfectly well you were my first choice. You're the only one, Nanarky.
Juleka & Luka:::Nanarky?
Anarka::: You can't fool me, pirate. I bet you threw your guitarist overboard again!
Jagged::: No, I swear, I didn't. She sailed away from me, she left me in the lurch.Look how perfect we were together. Come back and play with me, Nanarky. 
Juleka and Luka::: Jagged and our mom?
Anarka:::We're not co-captains anymore. I sail alone now, skipper! 
Jagged::: Marinette! You're here!The awesome designer of these rock 'n' roll shades of mine. I'm sure you can help me. I need a guitarist like yesterday. Do you play guitar?
Marinette::: Me?Guitar? I-I can play a few notes on the flute, but I don't think... 
Marinette::: No wait, Jagged. I know the perfect musician.
Jagged::: Really? You rock, Marinette!
Marinette::: I'm sure you know Adrien Agreste. He's the cutestuhthe greatest modelI mean, musician in the world!
Adrien::: Well, I know a few chords, but I'm more of a pianist actually.
Jagged::: Uh, okay, you sure? How 'bout that young dude with the awesome T-shirt? Don't you think he's better equipped for the job?
Marinette::: Of course! You're right, Jagged!Luka can let Adrien borrow his guitar, can't you, Luka?
Luka::: If you like, Marinette...put it to good use, Adrien.
Adrien::: I'll do my best. Thanks.
Desperada::: Jagged! So you fire me, and now you want to replace me with what? A school-kid?
Jagged::: Vivica? Is that you?
Desperada::: There ain’t no more Vivica! There's only Desperada now. If I can't be your guitarist anymore, I'm gonna make sure NOBODY can!
Anarka:::Ah-hah! You ship rat! I knew you were lying. Vivica didn't leave you. You dropped her just like you would drop me before! 
Desperada::: What? You were thinking of replacing me with HER?!
Anarka::: Hey! I'm a much better guitarist than you, and I was his first choice. 
Desperada::: In that case, you'll be my first choice too!I never miss a musical note. Vivica ALWAYS hits her targets!
Marinette::: I never should've given that guitar to Adrien. Why did I do that, Tikki?
Tikki::: You have a troubled heart, Marinette.
Marinette:::What is happening to me?! Tikki, spots on!
Luka:::Not there. You'd be a sitting duck in that cabin.
Desperada::: Where are you running to, wannabe?
Jagged::: Stop it, Vivica, you're giving rock 'n' roll a bad name.
Penny Rolling::: Jagged? No! 
Ladybug::: I may not play a guitar, but I do play the yo-yo. Care for a duet?
Desperada::: Solo!
Luka::: We'll be safe here.
Adrien::: Thank you, Luka.
Hawk Moth::: Perfect, Desperada!
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug's Miraculous are within reach.
Desperada::: I always keep my end of the deal, Hawk Moth.
Luka::: Where's Cat Noir?
Adrien::: He might not make it here in time.
Luka::: Then we must help Ladybug. May I? 
Desperada::: Another new guitarist?? 
Ladybug::: This wayquick!
Desperada::: You won't get away for long!!!
Ladybug::: You shouldn't have put yourself in danger like that. But... thank you.
Luka::: You can count on us whenever you need help. 
Ladybug::: I appreciate it, but when you're dealing with a supervillain, it's better to have a partner with superpowers. Speaking of which...
Cat Noir's voice:::Cat got your tongue? Leave a message. 
Ladybug::: Okay.
Luka::: A gong? What're you gonna do with that?
Ladybug::: I'm gonna have to leave you guys for now, but I'll be back soon.
Desperada::: I'll find that brat guitarist sooner or later, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: I can handle this. Could I... borrow that, please?
Luka::: You know how to play?
Ladybug::: Let's just say I have my own personal style. Meanwhile, find a place to hide. Both of you!
Adrien::: You can hide in here. It's a bit tight for the two of us. I'll go in another one.
Luka::: Okaysee you later.
Plagg::: How about a little nap while we wait for Ladybug to come back?
Adrien::: No, it's time for Cat Noir to make his entrance.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Desperada::: Ugh! Who is torturing that poor guitar?!
Desperada::: That's better.
Master Fu::: Marinette Dupain-Cheng. You must pick an ally you can trust to fight alongside you on this mission. Once the mission is over, you will take the Miraculous back and return it to me.
Marinette::: Desperada's relentless. There's no room for error with herthere'll be no second chance. Or maybe this one.
Master Fu::: The snake's power is a very strong one, Marinette. Whoever uses it must be wise enough, not to be tempted to manipulate time for their own personal gain. 
Marinette::: I understand, Master Fu, I know just the perfect person. I can't believe I didn't think of him beforea perfect match.
Cat Noir::: We must stop running into each other like this, M'lady. Let's take care of this guitarist and her seriously bad music. Uh, you lookin' for something, M'lady?
Ladybug::: Phew! Yeah, I have to find Adrien Agreste!
Cat Noir::: You wanna entrust him with a Miraculous?
Ladybug::: You're not supposed to know, but, yeah! He's the perfect guy for this mission.
Cat Noir::: You know, you can trust me and my incredible nose. If Adrien's down here, I'll find him for you. Adrien's in there.
Ladybug::: Your incredible nose failed you this time.
Luka::: Cat Noir. Ladybug. Have you defeated Desperada yet? Oh, where's Adrien?
Cat Noir::: Um, maybe he took off and hid somewhere else. Let's split up and find him. Hide in there for the mean time. Claws in! 
Adrien::: Plagg, Ladybug needs me. She needs Adrien!
Plagg::: If you asked me, this whole idea is worse than cheese in a can.
Adrien::: She thinks I'm the perfect guy for this mission.
Plagg::: You can't be Cat Noir and another superhero at the same time! Which means that you're not the perfect guy for this mission.
Adrien::: The Lucky Charm told her I am.
Plagg::: That's not how it works. Why am I bothering? You're not even listening.
Adrien::: This is my chance to get her to love me as myself! Adrien! I don't care what costume comes with it, I have to try. Ladybug chose me!
Ladybug::: Adrien?!Adrien?!
Adrien::: Uh... Ladybug?
Ladybug::: Where were you? Is everything okay?
Adrien::: Yeah. I was just hiding a bit further down. I thought it'd be better if Desperada couldn't find us both in the same place.
Ladybug::: I need you.
Adrien::: Me?
Ladybug::: Adrien Agreste, here's the Miraculous of the snake, which grants the power of Second Chance. You will use it for the greater good.Once we defeat the supervillain, you will return the Miraculous to me.Can I loveUh, trust you?
Adrien::: Yes, Ladybug. 
Adrien::: Amazing!
Sass::: Greetings. My name is Sass, and I'll be your Kwami.
Adrien::: But what am I supposed to do?
Sass::: All you have to say is... Sass, scales slither.
Adrien::: Sass, scales slither!
Cat Noir's voice:::Cat got your tongue? Leave a message. 
Ladybug::: Cat! I found Adrien. We're gonna go after Desperada. Meet us under Trocadéro square fa!
Aspik::: I hope I don't disappoint you, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: I know you won't. You're perfect. Uh, perfectly capable of defeating Desperada! We need all the odds in our favor. Desperada is a fearsome opponent.
Aspik::: I would have preferred a horseshoe for my first mission.
Ladybug:::I love your sense of humor!
Aspik::: Really? Thanks!
Ladybug::: If anything goes wrong, the Second Chance allows you to go back in time to the exact moment you activated it.
Aspik::: Got it.
Superpower Sequence Aspik::: Second chance.
Ladybug::: We now have five minutes. Within this time range, you can go back in time as many times as you want. But after that, when the head of the snake goes back in place, you'll detransform. Still no Cat... Come to think of it, we're okay without him. Now that we have your power, you and I are gonna make an awesome team.
Ladybug::: ... Where is she?
Desperada::: Nobody can escape me from here.
Hawk Moth::: Very nice, Desperada.
Hawk Moth::: Once you've captured Cat Noir and you don't need your powers anymore, these stickers will release the heroes and their Miraculous will be mine.
Plagg:::Awesome team, all right!
Aspik::: Gimme some time.
Ladybug::: We now have five minutes
Aspik::: Before I transform back, I know.
Ladybug::: Did we not make it?
Aspik::: No, but I used my power of second chance. No time to wait for Cat Noirwe're fine without him. You'll see, we're gonna make an awesome teamAspik and Ladybug.
Ladybug::: Aspik? Wow! You've only just started being a superhero and you already seem to have all of this down.
Aspik::: Guess you made the right choice, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: ... Where is she?
Aspik::: No, wait. The first time, Desperada's fire came from there.
Aspik::: Here. As a thank you for choosing me.
Ladybug::: Oh! Uh, thanks! 
Plagg:::Awesome team, all right!
Aspik::: I just need a bit more time.
Plagg::: To do what?! Charm Ladybug?! Or defeat the villain?!
Aspik::: Second chance!
Ladybug::: We know have fiveAH!
Aspik::: Trust mewe've been through this before.
Ladybug::: Shouldn't we wait for Cat Noir?
Aspik::: No need, let's try a different exit this time.
Ladybug::: So you saved my life several times already? I knew! 
Aspik::: We'd make an awesome team? I hope you're right.
Ladybug:::He can read my mind too.
Aspik::: This seems okay here.
Ladybug::: AdrienI mean, snake...
Aspik::: Call me Aspik.
Ladybug::: Aspik, you really are a super
Plagg::: Awesome team, all 
Aspik::: I know! 
Aspik::: Not again!
Aspik::: No, no, no!
Aspik::: You know, Ladybug? I'm actually also Cat Noir and I've been in love with you since our eyes first met.
Ladybug::: We now have five minutes. Within this time range, you can go back in time as many times as you want 
Aspik::: Sass, scales rest. 
Ladybug::: But...
Adrien::: It didn't work. I'm so sorry. I wasn't the right choice for you after all.
Ladybug::: No! You have to be the right snake. I guess I must've done something wrong.
Adrien::: No, it's not you. I just can't protect you. I never managed to save you.
Ladybug::: We can try again.
Adrien::: No, I can't bear seeing Desperada capture you every time without ever being able to save you.
Ladybug::: How many times did you see me?
Adrien::: I've been trying for months. It was 25,913th time. I don't know what to do anymore!
Ladybug::: But... who could possibly wear this Miraculous beside to you?
Luka::: Ladybug?Oh, I see you found Adrien. I'm glad, I was worried.
Adrien::: ... Brave? Determined? Caring? Why don't you give him the Miraculous?
Ladybug::: Thank you for saving my life so many times, Adrien. 
Adrien::: I'll go and hide. I'm sure you guys will succeed, Ladybug.
Luka::: Did I miss something? 
Ladybug::: Luka Couffaine, here is the Miraculous of the snake, which grants the power of Second Chance. You will use it for the greater good, if you're willing.Once we succeed, you must return the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you?
Luka::: Desperada attacked my family, and my friends. So if I can help you anyway, I will. 
Sass::: Greetings. My name is Sass, and I'll be your Kwami.
Plagg::: Ah! At last, you've come to your senses.
Adrien::: I'm not sure Ladybug will have very fond memories of her experience with Adrien Agreste.
Plagg::: Then make up for it as Cat Noir.
Adrien::: You're right.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Sass::: All you have to say is... Sass, scales slither.
Luka::: Sass, scales slither!
Ladybug::: Just in time. Cat Noir, I'd like you to meet 
Viperion::: Viperion. Can't wait to work with you.
Cat Noir:::Perhaps you would've preferred a lucky horseshoe for your first mission.
Ladybug::: Cat!
Viperion::: No need. Ladybug brings enough luck for all of us. 
Ladybug::: Thanks. Desperada's at the top of the Eiffel Tower! Let's take her vantage point away from her! We're gonna need your Cataclysm! Our team would be lost without him!
Cat Noir::: At your service, m'lady! Here! Cataclysm!
Superpower Sequence Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: All her weapons come from her guitar case.We have to prevent her from using them, then destroy the case! Ready?
Superpower Sequence Viperion::: Second chance.
Viperion::: Second chance!
Viperion::: Wait!
Viperion::: Second chance!
Viperion::: Second chance!
Viperion::: Second chance!
Viperion::: Wait! This time I know what to do!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma.
Superpower Sequence Ladybug::: Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! 
Ladybug::: Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Vivica::: What am I doing here?
Ladybug, Cat Noir, & Viperion::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: History repeats itself, Ladybug! But rest assured, one day I will be the one who rewrites it! 
Luka::: Thank you for trusting me.
Ladybug::: You were the right choice, Luka. I'm sure we'll see each other again soon. Bug out!
Jagged::: I know I wasn't very rock 'n' roll to you, Vivica. And even if you did eat my cereal and drink Fang's milk, I should've never fired you that way. You can come back if you want, but get your own breakfast, okay?
Vivica::: I promise, Jagged.
Jagged:::Besides, I get why Anarka no longer wants to play with me. And I respect her decision, what's past is past, isn't that right, Nanarky? 
Kagami::: I was wrong about you and Luka, wasn't I? But you'd better hurry up and choose, Marinette. You don't always get a second chance when it comes to love.
Alya::: Well, Adrien and Luka can choose too, right? And they haven't made their choice yet, either.
