Gabriel::: Emilie, everything I've done, I've done for you. And if I had to, I would do it again a hundred times.
Nathalie:::It's time, sir.
Bob::: Don't touch my penny! It's mine!No!! Where did it go?? 
Gabriel::: Adrien, I'm not just feeling well enough. You will have to represent me.
Adrien::: But Father, you're launching your hundredth collection tonight! You're the one the journalists want to interview, not me.
Gabriel:::Adrien, I am your father, and I am giving you the responsibility to attend this press conference. Under no circumstances will you leave that room until it's finished. All I'm asking is that you honor my work and the memory of your mother. Do we have an agreement?
Adrien::: Yes, Father.
Journalist::: The one-hundredth collection of the brand Gabriel is dedicated to your recently departed mother. How do you feel about this dedication?
Adrien::: Since I can remember, everything my father has done, he's done for her.
Moolak:::My money-making lasers are gonna make me even richer!
Shadow Moth:::Bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous, Moolak!
Moolak::: Depends on how much these trinkets are worth!
Shadow Moth:::How much is your power which I can take back from you in an instant worth to you?
Moolak:::A guy can't even strike a bargain these days!
Moolak:::You'll never get your hands on my lucky coin!
Ladybug::: We have to get to Moolak if we're gonna defeat him! Pegasus, use your power now!
Pegasus::: Voyage!!I can't teleport! The safe is so filled up with coins, there's no room!
Vesperia::: It'd be simpler just to cataclysm the whole safe!
Ladybug::: I know! I already left I don't know how many messages for Cat Noir!
Moolak:::I'm getting so rich!!
Nathalie:::Adrien, your father is counting on you!
Adrien::: Next question!
Cat Noir's voicemail::: You can purr your message after the meow! Meow!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug::: Got it!
Ladybug::: Gear up, guys!
Polymouse::: Multitude!
Vesperia::: Venom!
Moolak::: Nice try! 
Carapace::: Shell-ter! 
Moolak::: Blasted super nerds!
Carapace::: Unshield!
Ladybug::: Viperion, try every possible combination!
Viperion::: Second Chance!
Ladybug::: Viperion, try every possible combination!
Viperion::: Second Chance!
Viperion::: Jackpot! And it only took me a hundred tries!
Moolak::: Noooo!
Journalist::: About your new commercial...
Everyone::: Pound it!
Shadow Moth::: I'll start over a hundred times if I have to, Ladybug! All I have to do is win once!
Viperion::: Scales rest. 
Ladybug::: Thanks, Luka—
Su-Han::: This really takes the cake!
Ladybug::: Grand Master Su-Han?
Su-Han::: Nine! You used nine Miraculouses to defeat a single villain, when Cat Noir could have just used his Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: I had to, Cat Noir was missing!
Su-Han::: What do you mean missing? You can't just let the holder of the most powerful Miraculous go about as he pleases! What if he started making his own decisions, or act it out? Like Shadow Moth!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir? Act like Shadow Moth? Wow. Are you blowing this out of proportion just a little?
Su-Han::: Not at all. In fact, you should find out who Cat Noir really is, so you can have better control over him.
Ladybug::: What? No way! We can't know our true identities! It would be too dangerous if Shadow Moth got a hold of one of us!
Su-Han::: I. Don't. Care!! Deal with this problem quickly, otherwise I will take back his Miraculous as soon as he shows a whisker! And I'll choose the new Cat Noir myself!
Ladybug::: Okay, okay, alright. What if you knew who he was, would that work?
Su-Han::: I... I suppose so. But I'm warning you, if you don't succeed...
Ladybug::: I get it. Cat Noir will be replaced.
Luka::: Are you really going to do as he asks?
Ladybug::: Do I really have a choice in the matter? I can't fight the Celestial Guardian, and I don't want the risk of losing our Cat Noir. I'm gonna need both of you.
Adrien::: I hope Ladybug didn't need me. Plagg, claws out! 
Cat Noir::: Fourteen messages? She must be furious. 
Ladybug:::Finally! 
Cat Noir::: I know what you're about to say, Ladybug, but—
Ladybug:::Nevermind! We got through it. That's all that matters. But we do need to talk. Meet me at the top of the Eiffel Tower.
Cat Noir:::I get the feeling I'll have my whiskers yanked. 
Luka::: I'm wondering, Ladybug. How do you plan to reveal Cat Noir's identity to Su-Han if you don't know who he is?
Marinette::: Remember why you must all ignore who Cat Noir and I really are? 
Luka::: So Shadow Moth leaves us alone when we're not superheroes? If we don't know who you are, we're no interest to him.
Marinette::: Yes. But in fact, if worse comes to worst, a Miraculous holder could know Cat Noir's identity or mine, but not both. 
Luka::: That way, there'd always be one of you to fight Shadow Moth!
Marinette::: Exactly! But for Cat Noir and me, it's different. If we knew each other's identities, all would take is just for one of us to be akumatized to betray the other. 
Luka::: And Shadow Moth would win.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! 
Luka::: Sass, scales slither! 
Ladybug::: This is the plan: you stay here hidden. I ask Cat Noir his identity. He tells me...
Viperion::: Since I'll hear everything, I'll also know his name.
Ladybug::: That's when you'll use your power of Second Chance to go back in time. I'll forget everything but you won't.
Viperion::: Or I could just ask him myself if you want. It'd be less dangerous that way, wouldn't it?
Ladybug:::Cat Noir will only tell if I'm the one asking.
Viperion::: Alright, and then I'll tell the Celestial Guardian Cat Noir's identity.
Ladybug::: And then he'll finally got me some slack. 
Viperion::: Are you sure the fact that I know who Cat Noir is won't be a problem?
Ladybug::: Like I said, as long as I don't know who he is, everything will be fine.
Viperion:::Do you think Cat Noir would agree to this?
Ladybug:::He's been dying to tell me who he is for the longest time.There he is! Get ready!
Ladybug::: Now! We're in sync!
Viperion::: Second Chance!
Ladybug::: The countdown has begun. It's 1 am, and we've got just five minutes before you transform back. So we've got to be done by 1:05. You'll rewind on my signal.
Cat Noir:::I'm sorry, but I really couldn't make it earlier.
Ladybug:::Hey, no big deal! That's the good thing about a team. It's not the two of us anymore! 
Cat Noir::: Oh, yeah! So then, why did you need me exactly?
Ladybug::: Well... actually, it's kind of linked to what happened today. I've given it a lot of thought ever since I became guardian, you know?And, I've realized that... you were right after all.We should tell each other our secret identities. 
Cat Noir::: But, aren't the secrets supposed to protect us?
Ladybug::: I thought so. But when you didn't show up today, I didn't know how to locate you because we can't communicate when we're not transformed. If something bad happened to one of us when we're not heroes, we could know about it. It would make us stronger. We'd be able to defeat Shadow Moth quicker! 
Cat Noir:::So, we're doing this, for real?
Ladybug::: Yes.
Cat Noir::: Wow. Okay. You go ahead, m'lady. Guardians first!
Ladybug::: No, you first. 
Cat Noir::: Let's do it together.
Ladybug::: No, I mean it. You go first. I'm... feeling kind of... awkward. 
Cat Noir::: Fine. I'm... I'm... Adrien Agreste.
Ladybug:::And I'm Audrey Bourgeois!You? Adrien Agreste? There's no way! You two aren't alike at all!
Cat Noir::: Claws in. 
Adrien::: See? It's really me, Adrien Agreste. What about you?
Viperion:::Ladybug! I heard his name! Shall I rewind?
Ladybug::: No— Wait— Not— Not yet. 
Adrien:::I understand. It's never easy to show your true self to someone. You'd wonder what the other person would think of you if they'll like you. It's hard for me, too, you know? My heart's beating so fast, I've waited for this moment for so long! Imagine the stories that I have come up with when you saved my life as Adrien, or when you wanted to give me another Miraculous! It was awful having to hide Cat Noir from you. I'm so glad I don't have to do that anymore! I hope you're not too disappointed. But whoever you are behind that mask, you'll always be the most amazing person in the world.
Viperion:::Ladybug! We're almost out of time! 
Viperion::: Oh no, there's no going back now. 
Luka::: I hope she knows what she's doing.
Ladybug:::I am... Ma— Ma— Mari— madly awkward! 
Adrien::: Take all the time you need. I'll wait 'til you're ready. Besides, now that you know who I am, you know where to find me!
Ladybug::: Uhh, right! I'll take my think to time— er— uh— see you sooner!
Luka::: What made you change your mind?
Ladybug::: I... guess I'm just curious to see what's gonna happen. After that...
Luka::: But you said it was too dangerous to know his identity.
Ladybug::: As long as Cat Noir doesn't know who I am, it'll be okay. And I'm gonna make sure of that, starting with Grand Master Su-Han.
Tikki::: This is wonderful! Since Cat Noir's in love with Ladybug, that means he's in love with you! You and Adrien can finally be together!
Marinette:::It's not that simple, Tikki. I'm in love with Adrien, but I've never been in love with Cat Noir.It's as if they are two completely different people! Is the Adrien I'm in love with the fake Adrien? Is Cat Noir the real Adrien? Who's the real Adrien behind Adrien?
Tikki::: I don't know. Why don't you ask Alya?
Marinette::: I can't. She already knows I'm Ladybug. She can never know that Adrien is Cat Noir. It'd be too dangerous. 
Adrien:::When she's ready, she will tell me who she is! In the meantime, she'll get to know me!And then, who knows?I'm so char-meow-ing after all!
Plagg::: I usually like smelly cheese, but I get the feeling that this is gonna turn into some really really stinky cheese. 
Adrien::: Woohoohooo!
Ms. Bustier::: Who can tell me who wrote I Am a Cat?
Adrien::: Meow meow?
Adrien::: Or in human language, Natsume Sōseki.
Adrien::: He wrote the book I Am a Cat. Sorry for the joke, Ms. Bustier!
Marinette::: Sorry, I'm so madly awkward. Uh— I mean clumsy. I'm madly clumsy—
Adrien::: Don't worry about cat— Uh, I mean, that! It happens to everyone.
Rose:::I only want them to be mine, mine, mine. Dreaming about them in the nights! You know I love unicorns And nothing makes me feel better! 
Luka::: I feel like you're not hearing the same tune anymore when you look at Adrien.
Adrien:::I think that song sounded great!
Marinette::: Luka, have you ever thought you knew a person really well only to find out that they have a secret side to them that you couldn't possibly imagine?
Luka::: Yes.
Marinette::: And, did it... completely change your way of seeing them? Like all of a sudden, everything feels strange 'cause you don't really know them anymore?
Luka::: Quite the opposite, actually. Once I got over the shock, it helped me to get to know them better, and liked them even more. 
Adrien::: Sorry, I... I think I'm thirsty! 
Ladybug::: Adrien, the lollipop monster is back. Meet me at the Arc de Triomphe!
Adrien::: Right away! Plagg, claws out! 
Cat Noir::: The usual manouvers, m'lady?
Cat Noir and Ladybug::: Pound it.
Cat Noir::: Claws in!
Adrien::: Well, see you next time, m'lady!
Ladybug::: Wait! I'm... I'm ready now.
Ladybug::: Spots off.
Marinette:::Please, say something! 
Marinette:::I guess, now that you know it's me, you don't like me anymore.
Adrien::: No!It's that, I just found out that one of my closest friends is the person I love and admire most in the world.
Ms. Bustier::: Come, my fine cat, against my loving heart; sheathe your sharp claws, and settle. And let my eyes into your pupils dart, where agate sparks with metal. 
Marinette:::I can't wait to see you.
Adrien::: Me too.
Marinette:::See you at the movies tomorrow, then!
Adrien:::Are you hanging up?
Marinette:::No, you hang up!
Adrien::: Sweet dreams, m'lady. 
Gabriel::: Adrien, get up.
Adrien:::Yes, Father.
Gabriel::: Follow me. 
Adrien::: Yes, Father. 
Gabriel::: This way. 
Plagg::: Did you know this was in your house?
Adrien::: I'm not even sure we're still in my house. Stay hidden, Plagg.Mom?
Gabriel::: One hundred weeks since she disappeared. One hundred times have I wanted to tell you.Nooroo, Dusuu, dual metamorphosis! 
Shadow Moth::: One hundred times have I tried to seize Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous to bring her back! To think that this illusion was right here right under my roof!Ephemeral, I am your father Shadow Moth. I'm giving you the power to speed up time and help me bring your mother back. All I ask in return are Ladybug's Miraculous... and yours.
Adrien:::No! You can't ask me to do that! No, no!
Shadow Moth::: Do you understand me, son?
Adrien:::Yes, Father. 
Plagg::: Cataclys—!!
Shadow Moth::: Enough, kwami! I am your master now! 
Marinette::: Adrien?
Shadownoir::: Hello, Ladybug.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm! 
Shadownoir:::Could this be the hour of your defeat?
Ephemeral:::I'm sorry, I promise this won't take long. 
Shadownoir::: Time flies when we're having fun!Running is pointless! In just a few seconds you'll be a simple young girl without powers again!
Luka::: Sass is in my sewing box?Marinette! 
Shadownoir::: Those earrings are MINE!!!
Marinette::: NO! NO! ADRIEN, HELP!
Shadownoir::: Ah!Yes! My greatest wish will finally come true!
Luka::: Sorry! Marinette sent me.
Luka::: Sass!
Sass::: Don't worry, he knows.
Luka::: Sass, Marinette sent me this. I think she wants me to go back to this exact moment. But she knows I can no longer do that.
Sass::: You can't, but I can. I can go back to any temporal marker that has been placed in the past.
Barkk::: But when a Kwami uses their power without a holder it always has disastrous consequences!
Wayzz::: The situation must really be desperate for the guardian to suggest that!
Kwamis::: Oh no! Not that, not again! It's the end of the world!
Luka::: What's going on?
Sass::: Shadow Moth must have taken control of Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous, and he made a wish!
Luka::: But what has that got to do with the end of the world?
Sass::: Imagine the world as your school notebook. Everything inside is written in blue, but now you want it to be red instead. Before you can rewrite anything in the color you'd like, you have to erase everything that's already been written in blue!
Barkk::: That's what happens when someone makes a wish! The universe is destroyed, and then entirely rebuilt! But who knows how...
Luka::: Sass, hurry!
Sass::: Second Chance! 
Ladybug::: The countdown has begun. It's 1 am, and we've got just five minutes before you transform back. So we've got to be done by 1:05. You'll rewind on my signal.
Cat Noir:::I'm sorry, but I really couldn't make it—
Ladybug::: What on earth is happening?
Ladybug::: It's like history's all jumbled up!
Jeanne d'Arc::: Hark, what are those voices I hear? Bertrand? Gilles? My, what sorcery is this? 
Cat Noir::: Time has gone crazy! Or maybe I have...
Ladybug::: I have a bad feeling about this. Viperion! Viperion, can you hear me? Follow me!
Viperion::: Ladybug, can you hear me?
Ladybug::: Viperion! I've gotta talk to Sass!
Viperion::: Scales rest! 
Sass::: I'm so sorry, Ladybug, I had no choice!
Ladybug::: What happened?
Sass::: I'm not really sure. I just saw a photo of a lucky charm, a watch showing 1 am.
Cat Noir::: Do you understand any of this?
Ladybug::: When kwamis use their power without a holder, it always has magical and disastrous consequences. And Sass's power is to turn back time!
Cat Noir::: So time has gotten all mixed up!
Ladybug::: Stay here, Luka!
Captain Hardrock::: Liberty! Next stop, city hall!
Ladybug::: Woah, I'm getting major Déjà vu right now!
Cat Noir::: It's time to have a genius idea, m'lady!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Cat Noir::: Do you think this will be enough to tip the balance of time?
Ladybug::: Oh, the International Bureau of Weights and Measures! This organization coordinates the hours of the whole world with its satellite! It's right near Paris!
Cat Noir::: Which means the satellite is just above our heads! We fix it, we fix all the connected devices that depend on time to function! How are we going to know the exact time to program into the satellite?
Ladybug::: Thanks to this countdown, I still have a way to know what time it is for real. When it gets to the end, that'll mean that it's exactly 1:05 am. That's what we'll program into the satellite. Time to suit up!
Cat Noir::: Mmm. But, what's the plan with all the apparitions?
Ladybug::: Leave them to my magical ladybugs.
Cat Noir::: Power up! 
Ladybug::: Let's sync up our stopwatches.
Astro Cat::: Now I have exactly the same countdown as you.
Ladybug::: Power up! 
Cosmobug::: Ready, Astro Cat?
Astro Cat::: Ready, Cosmobug!
Cosmobug::: Okay, take off!
Cosmobug::: Miraculous Ladybug!
Cosmobug and Astro Cat::: Pound it!
Astro Cat:::Meow, meow, meow... Meow-meow! 
Cosmobug::: That's a pretty tune, what is it?
Astro Cat::: A classical piece. Thus spoke Catathustra. By the way, what did you wanna talk about earlier, up on the Eiffel Tower?
Cosmobug::: Oh, nothing important. Forget about it.
Astro Cat::: Hmm. Atta blast!
Cosmobug::: Spots off!
Su-Han::: So, do you know who Cat Noir is yet?
Ladybug::: No.
Su-Han::: What? I thought I had warned you—
Ladybug::: I don't want to know. I've proven to you a hundred times that I'm a good guardian, and Cat Noir and I have proven to you a hundred times that we were exceptional superheroes, and you! How many times have you told us that we were messing up, when that was totally untrue? You're judging us based on your own fears, and not on our actions!
Su-Han:::You're right, little Ladybug. Perhaps I'm worrying over nothing. What's for sure is that one doesn't come across a guardian like you every century.How do you say again?
Ladybug and Su-Han::: Pound it.
