Gabriel:::Ladybug and Cat Noir's miraculous will soon be mine, I promise. Then, I will get the ultimate power, and we shall all be together again.You and I.Soon, Emilie.
Nathalie:::Of course. Someone will get you right away. 
Nathalie::: It's been one year. The longer you keep him in the dark about what you're doing, the harder it'll be on him when he finds out. 
Adrien:::Little kitty on a roof, all alone without his -
Gabriel::: Adrien.
Adrien::: Father?
Gabriel:::There is something important I have to talk to you about. I think about telling you every day, but I don't know how to find the right words.
Adrien::: I think I already know, father.
Gabriel::: But, how?
Adrien::: I've noticed how close you and Nathalie have become. If she can make you happy again, then... as far as I'm concerned, she's already part of our family.
Gabriel:::How could you possibly think such a thing?! Nobody could ever replace your mother,as long as she is still in our hearts she lives on!We're expecting guests. Be ready. 
Plagg:::Wow! Your father's like a piece of tomme cheese: where the rind's so thick it's almost impossible to get inside the center.
Adrien::: Don't be so hard on him, Plagg. It's been a year today since Mom... went away forever.
Marinette::: We can't leave Adrien all alone on a day like this.
Alix:::True that, but there's no way his old man's gonna let us see him.
Marinette::: Okay, why don't we make them a video and tell him how much we all care about him?
Alya::: Great idea, we can take turns recording our messages.
Nino::: Then send it to him. 
Alya:::Okay, go Marinette!
Marinette:::Ah - ! Yee- ! No, no, someone else go -I still need to go figure out what I'm going to say.
Alya:::Okay, girl. So Nino, ready?Action! 
Nino::: Hey, my dude!
Nathalie:::Your father is waiting for you downstairs, Adrien.
Adrien:::Ah... I'll be right there. 
Adrien:::Mom...?
Amelie:::My, my! Look at how much you've grown.Gabriel, isn't he just the absolute cutest?
Gabriel:::I'm sure Adrien is delighted to have such a timely visit from his aunt, today of all days.
Adrien:::Aunt Amelie?
Amelie::: I'm soo happy to see you again! I thought it'd be better if we were all together on a day like this! Don't you agree, dear?
Adrien::: Félix?Good to see you again!
Amelie::: Aw, they look just like twins! Don't they, Gabriel? Do you remember when they used to have so much fun pretending to be each other? Once they had you and Emilie fooled for a whole weekend!We laughed so hard! 
Gabriel:::I won't be fooled a second time.
Félix::: Hello, uncle. 
Amelie::: Félix, you know your uncle's never been the physical sort.Oh! How sweet! You're still wearing your wedding band! You must have Emilie's too, I imagine? You never replied to my message about that. I'd still like to get the rings back, you know.
Gabriel::: These rings are obviously very special to me.
Amelie::: And they're very dear to me too, Gabriel. Those jewels have always been in the Graham de Vanily family, not the Agreste's.
Gabriel::: We'll discuss it later. It's been a long journey from London, you may want to rest a bit. Nathalie?
Nathalie:::Follow me, please. 
Gabriel:::Take Félix to your bedroom.
Adrien::: Yes, father. C'mon, Félix! 
Alya::: Just wanted to let you know we're thinking about ya! Mwah! 
Nino::: And, cut!You're the last one! Ready?
Marinette:::I'd rather record myself!I- I'll be right back!What am I gonna say to him? Help me, Tikki! What would you tell a kwami friend who's lost their mom?
Tikki::: The thing is, we kwamis live forever, Marinette. Just let your heart do the talking, and as long as it is filled with love, you can't go wrong!
Marinette::: You think?Adrien... I love you. I'll always be there if you need me.Ah! What was I thinking!? Oh, this is the worst day I could possibly choose to tell him! We gotta start over! 
Tikki:::There'll never be a right day to tell him!
Alya:::Marinette, you done in there? We're all waiting for you!
Tikki::: What if your message to Adrien could turn this worst day ever, into the best day ever?
Alya::: What's goin' on, girl? You feeling sick or somethin'?
Marinette:::Promise me you'll send the video without looking at it! No one can see my part!
Alya:::No, don't tell me you... ! 
Marinette::: Promise.
Alya::: You have my word.I can't believe it! Wow!We got all the messages, guys! I'm sending this to Adrien!
Adrien:::Do you remember our shooting contests?I'm really sorry I didn't come to your dad's funeral. My father thought it would be too hard on me, considering... everything that's happened this year. You've every right to be mad at me.
Félix::: You always do everything your father tells you to do?
Adrien::: He's very...protective of me. 
Plagg:::Huh? 
Félix:::Oh! Do you have that chess board we used to play all the time?
Adrien::: Of course! Let me go upstairs and get it for us! 
Félix::: Well, I challenge you, so let the best man win!
Adrien:::Found it!
Félix:::Grab a deck of cards, too, while you're up there! 
Adrien:::You still doing magic?
Félix:::Now more than ever, you'll see! 
Adrien:::How about karate? Are you still practicing?
Félix:::Of course! 
Plagg:::Ah!We need to talk, Adrien!
Adrien:::What are you doing here? Hide!
Félix:::Mind if I take a shower?
Adrien:::No, go ahead! Make yourself at home! 
Plagg:::What's up with that cousin of yours? First, he searches through your things, and then, the most unforgivable thing of all, he squashes my hunk of goat's cheese under your pillow! I'd been maturing that baby for two weeks! Do you realize? Two whole weeks!
Adrien::: Listen, Plagg. Félix lost his dad not so long ago, he's probably not himself.
Plagg:::I'm sorry, but there's just no excuse! You never touch my cheese, and yet, you just lost your mother not so long ago, right?Please forgive me, Adrien, I didn't mean to.
Adrien:::I know. And I'm sorry about your cheese. 
Félix:::Tch! Of course that idiot has a crush on a superhero. 
Nino:::Hey, my dude! I'm not quite sure what to tell you, except that, you're my man, dude! And bros are always there for their guys!
Félix:::Bros are always there- blah, blah, blah! Moron. 
Rose:::Unicorns have a saying: even when there's nothing but gray skies and rain, all it takes is one little sunbeam for a rainbow to appear!
Félix::: Loser.
Max:::It's one hundred percent proven, you should feel fifty-two percent happier with a healthy dose of laughter. So Markov has uploaded a few jokes for you! Starting with-
Félix::: Freak. 
Chloé:::When my mother left for New York, I felt so sad. It felt like she was...She came back, and I know how lucky I am. So, you can count on me, my Adrikins. 
Félix:::Chloé. Just as annoying as usual.
Marinette:::Adrien... I love you. I'll always be there if you need me.
Félix::: Pathetic. 
Adrien's Phone::: Video deleted.
Félix:::Adrien! Could you lend me some clean clothes? I left my suitcase downstairs.
Adrien:::Sure! Take whatever you want in the closet!
Félix:::Thanks!Perfect.First of all, thanks so much for all your messages, guys...
Alya:::C'mere! Adrien sent a message back on the group chat!
Nino::: He did?
Marinette::: Oh no! I don't wanna know!Yes, I do wanna know!No, I don't!What if he tells me that he loves me? Or that he doesn't love me? Or that he likes me, but not in that way - ah!Luka? Please don't tell me you heard me...
Luka:::You know, I'll be really happy for you and Adrien if it works out.And if it doesn't...I'll be here for you.
Marinette::: Thanks, Luka. 
Félix:::First of all, thanks so much for all your messages, guys, really. Sending me messages on today of all days...to remind me how sad I'm supposed to be feeling? Why, that's great! Really! Thanks a lot!
Kim:::Uh... So is he happy about it, or not?
Marinette:::There's something wrong.
Félix:::My father was right. What could I possibly get of going to school? Hanging out with you people is a total waste of time!
Chloé:::Ha! I knew my little Adrikins couldn't possibly be real friends with those fools!
Félix:::And Chloé, you're still the same spoiled brat you ever were, you know that? 
Marinette:::That's not him. Impossible! There's no way that's Adrien! 
Nathalie::: Sorry, sir. Lila Rossi just sent this to us. It's a message from Adrien's phone. 
Félix:::...to remind me how sad I'm supposed to be feeling? Why, that's great! Really! Thanks a lot!
Gabriel:::Félix.
Nathalie::: Adrien's friends think it's him on the video,they must be feeling very hurt, right now.
Gabriel:::Mmm. All this disappointment might just help us get rid of our unwanted guests. 
Hawk Moth::: Félix, I told you that you couldn't fool me twice!Fly away, my little Akuma, and evillize these sad souls! 
Nino::: No way that's real! It must be a fake. 
Markov::: I am one hundred percent positive that the video hasn't been altered in any way!
Max:::Confirmed.
Kim::: The truth is, we've only known him since we came back after the summer. 
Alya::: Let's not forget he was friends with Chloé before he met us. 
Marinette::: Don't believe this video, it can't be Adrien! 
Hawk Moth:::Lady Wifi, Reflekta, Princess Fragrance - You are now the Punisher's Trio! I'm giving you the power to chastise the Boy you thought was your friend, who has hurt you so terribly. I'm only asking you one thing in return, Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Juleka, Rose, and Alya::: He's going to regret what he said to us! 
Marinette:::This isn't good, they're gonna take it out on Adrien!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ah!
Nino::: Come on, Alya, you're not seriously gonna attack our buddy, are you?
Lady Wifi:::I'm not Alya, I'm Lady Wifi. Anyone who tries to stand in our way will be harshly punished! 
Ladybug:::You're not punishing anyone, WiFi! It's time to log you out!
Lady Wifi::: Not now that I've got satellite connection. 
Max and Kim:::At your service, Princess Fragrance.
Princess Fragrance::: Catch Ladybug.
Max and Kim::: Yaaahh! 
Reflekta::: Call you later. 
Ladybug::: I know where you're going, Punishers. 
Hawk Moth:::Nathalie, get Adrien to a safe place, far from his cousin. Make sure he doesn't have his phone with him.
Nathalie:::Come along, Adrien. You have a last minute photo shoot.
Adrien::: Now?Will you come with me, Félix?
Nathalie::: Your father insisted you go alone, hurry. 
Reflekta:::It's time for your punishment, you naughty - Oh! 
The Punishers Trio::: Boys?
Lady Wifi::: It all makes sense now! There were two Adriens.
Princess Fragrance::: That explains why our super nice video was answered by the super mean one! 
Reflekta::: Which one of you is a cruel and inferior copy of the original?
Adrien:::What video is she talking about?
Félix:::Hey, I have no idea what they're going on about.
Lady Wifi::: One of you two guys tried to make Adrien look like a monster.
Adrien::: It was him! He's Félix! My cousin! 
Princess Fragrance:::Only a real meanie would tell on his cousin! You must be Félix. 
Nathalie:::What are you doing, Adrien?
Lady Wifi:::Adrien? Is that Félix or not?
Adrien::: What do you think? 
Reflekta:::That's him! He's the real Félix!
Nathalie::: Don't touch him! 
Hawk Moth:::You're being tricked, you fools! Adrien has sacrificed himself for his cousin!
Félix:::Hey, girls, wait- I didn't do anything!
Hawk Moth:::He's the true culprit.
Lady Wifi::: But...
Félix:::Oh well, it's too easy. Where's the fun? You want real? I'll show you real. 
Reflekta::: It's time for punishment, naughty Boy.
Félix::: Be careful what you wish for, naughty girls.
Plagg::: Would you mind explaining to me why you're saving this cheese-murderer?
Adrien::: Because we're the good guys.There's no time to lose!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: Don't worry, Adrien, I'll deal with them later. I'll put you out of harm's way first!You'll be safe here.
Félix:::Ladybug! Wait. I... I've always been in love with you, you know.
Ladybug::: Huh? I...Really?
Félix:::If only you would... let me.Give you some courage before you go.
Ladybug::: Uh, wait, what? No!Okay, which part of the word no, did you not understand?!?Gross! You're not Adrien, he would never be so pushy.
Cat Noir:::That's Félix! Adrien's cousin. I just ran into the real Adrien and he told me everything. You made a lot of enemies in one day, bet you don't have a lot of friends, acting the way you do. Am I wrong? 
Ladybug:::Cut it out! There's no time for bickering, they're coming! Lucky Charm! 
Reflekta:::You really think covering us with whipped cream will save you from being punished, Ladybug? 
Princess Fragrance:::Do you wanna smell like fish for the rest of your life, kitty? 
Lady Wifi:::Do anything and I'll pause you for good!
Cat Noir::: You spend way too much time on your phone, you know that?
Ladybug::: Félix, smash it in half, and this nightmare will be over!
Félix:::What makes you think I want it to be over?Hawk Moth! Can you hear me, Hawk Moth? You want Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous, don't you? 
Hawk Moth:::And what do you want?
Félix::: I'm after a piece of jewelry, too. How about we make a little exchange?
Hawk Moth:::Get hold of the Miraculous first.We'll discuss the rest later.
Félix::: You've got yourself a deal. Now I think it's high time Ladybug and Cat Noir were punished. 
Cat Noir::: I hope you've learned your lesson. 
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Pound it!
Ladybug:::No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to deevillize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Adrien::: That video you sent to my friends... Unforgivable, Félix. 
Amelie::: Now that his father isn't here to stop him from getting into mischief - 
Félix::: I don't deserve to be forgiven, mom. I put my favorite cousin in danger. He's right. No apology can ever be enough.I just hope I can learn from this, and come back to see you as a better person someday.I really am sorry. I'll do my best to make it up to you.And to you, too, uncle. 
Gabriel::: Goodbye, Félix. 
Amelie::: Mwah! 
Adrien:::Félix, wait! 
Gabriel::: Adrien, stay here!
Adrien:::If you're feeling upset or out of control, just call before you do anything you might regret.
Félix:::I'm really lucky to have you. 
Adrien::: Sorry, Plagg. If Félix didn't destroy your cheese and steal my phone, none of this would've happened. 
Plagg:::Your cousin can come back whenever he wants! 
Adrien::: Did you know my friends recorded messages for me? What a nice thing to do! I've got an idea!
Alya and Nino::: Pew pew, pewpew! 
Juleka:::Ah!
Rose:::Oh! 
Adrien:::Hey guys. I never got your messages, but I'm really touched just knowing you were thinking of me today. You're the best friends anyone could ever dream of. I love you, all of you.
Adrien:::I love you- I love you- I love you-
Marinette::: Ah, I love you too, Adrien.
Adrien:::I love you- 
Félix::: I've got a surprise for you, mom. 
Amelie:::But Gabriel refused to hand it over to me! And after everything that happened -My little magician. I can never understand how you always manage to get what you want.Keep it. It's yours now.
Félix::: But... you wanted it so much.
Amelie::: Only to give it to you. You've always been so fascinated by them. How many times have you asked me to tell you the story of the Graham de Vanily twin rings, huh?I'm glad it's back in the family where it truly belongs. 
