Clara:::Don't you stop, dancing to the music. Baby! Yeah, it's like a miracle. Don't you stop, dancing to the music, Music, oh, it's getting physical! Don't you stop, dancing to the music. 
Alec:::And that was Clara Nightingale's hit single Big Bang for us!
Tikki::: Wow! That girl is incredible!
Marinette::: I love her! She's totally passionate about her art!
Alec:::Clara, in just a few short months you've become an international sensation with your ultra-unique singing and style. Apparently, you even sing and dance in your sleep! Do you ever stop?
Clara:::Never, you see. Dancing and singing are everything to me. And I'm happy to share the joy of song and dance To the amazing people of France!Marinette: See that, Tikki? She's a true artist!
Alec::: You've come to Paris to film the video for your next song, which is gonna be titled Miraculous.
Clara:::I really admire and adore Ladybug and Cat Noir. An homage to them I wanted to pay Because they inspire me every single day!MarinetteShe's gonna be doing a song about me! I mean — Ladybug! Oh! I'm so excited I could......faint!
Alec::: Auditions will be held at the Grand Palais Hotel, is that right? A little birdie told me that you already found your Cat Noir. Care to share the good news?
Clara:::My lips are sealed, But soon he'll be revealed. We must still cast Ladybug and extras, by the way. So come on out and audition today!
Alya:::Marinette, did you hear that? All us girls are heading over to audition and you're coming, too!So don't go pulling one of your Marinette specials on us, okay?
Marinette::: And miss my chance to meet Clara Nightingale in the flesh? No way! I'll meet you there.
Alya::: See ya!
Tikki::: You're not auditioning for the role of Ladybug, are you?
Marinette:::Of course not! We just wanna have some fun as extras in the video, that's all. I'd never do anything that could reveal my secret identity.
Tikki::: All right then, Marinette.I'm proud of you!
Gabriel::: It will be an excellent promotion for the upcoming opening of our stores in Korea and China. You don't have a choice.
Adrien:::But Father—
Gabriel:::I've been designing Clara's costumes since she started out. She was very pleased with my humble suggestion of using you. She's only seen you in our advertisements, but she does admire you a lot. I'm hoping you won't let us down.
Adrien:::Of course not, Father.
Stagehand:::Extras on the left; auditionees for Ladybug on the right.
Plagg::: Great choice of fabric! And these seams!Amazing craftsmanship!
Adrien::: There's no way I can wear this!
Plagg::: Yeah, I've always found that little bell so ridiculous! Then again, the costume is what you really wanted deep down, isn't it?
Adrien::: No, Plagg. I mean that everyone's gonna realize that I'm the real Cat Noir!
Plagg::: No way! People are blind!
Stagehand:::You ready, Adrien?
Adrien:::Aah, uh, coming! Just a sec!If they see me with this mask on, they're all gonna recognize me for sure!I can't wear it!Right. Now I'm gonna try to act as lame as I possibly can. Hopefully they'll have no choice but to replace me. 
Clara:::Thank you for coming, all of you! This is like a dream come true! Together we'll all dance and sing; It's going to be awesome and amazing!
Alya:::We're gonna be in Clara Nightingale's music video! This is humongous!
Marinette:::I can't believe this is happening!
Clara:::And now, meet our rising star, Adrien as Cat Noir!
Gabriel:::The costume fits you like a glove, as I knew it would. But, where is your mask?
Adrien:::Uh, I couldn't find it anywhere.
Stagehand::: I'll take care of it! 
Clara:::It's no biggie; it's okay. We don't need the mask for tryouts anyway.Come on!
Alya:::Didn't I tell you that Adrien looks a little bit like Cat Noir?
Marinette::: Unh, whatever!He's a thousand times more amazing that Cat Noir!
Clara:::You must be starving From all this waiting!Marinette:Oh, look! She's coming in our direction!
Clara:::There you are! Here's a hug, Because you are Ladybug!
Marinette:::What?! I have no idea what you're talking about! 
Clara:::You did what Ladybug would have, just the same. Your heart is pure, like hers. What's your name?Marinette: Uh, Ma— Marinette.
Clara:::Marinette! Say it's so!Will you please play Ladybug in my video?
Alya::: Yes! She'd be awesome!
Rose::: Go Marinette! You deserve it!
Marinette:::That's so nice of you, and...I'm one of your hugest fans, but...I came here to be an extra with my friends, and I really wanna stay with them.
Clara:::That's a pity, a shame; but I understand it's true. That's a very cool gesture, very Ladybug of you!Just sit over here for make-up, okay? I'll ask your friends to be sent over right away! Marinette: Oh! Thank you! Thank you!
Tikki:::Good job, Marinette! You didn't give in to the temptation! 
Mylène:::You're crazy!
Alya:::You turned down filming with Adrien to be with us?
Rose:::You really are the best!
Chloé:::Thank you all for coming. You can go home now.
Alya::: Uh, heads up; brat alert in the immediate vicinity.
Marinette::: Don't worry. Knowing Nightingale, Chloé doesn't stand a chance of being chosen.
Alya::: Wow! What's happening to you today?I have to bow before so much wisdom!
Marinette::: That's right. From now on, the name's Master Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
Chloé:::Your Ladybug has arrived!So when does the shoot begin?
Adrien::: Chloé, everyone has to audition. You know that!
Chloé:::Oh yeah, that little formality.Aaah...ha ha. It's been a while. Eight years of private classes with Aurélie Dupont from the Paris Op-er-a. I know. I'm breathtaking. 
Clara:::You've definitely got enough talent for me, But you and Cat Noir have to be a good match, you see.Chloé: No problem!Adrikins and I have known each other since we were little!
Clara::: Hmmm.
Mayor Bourgeois:::The son of the world's greatest fashion designer and the daughter of the Mayor of Paris — that would be just perfect!
Alya:::Is there a problem, Master Dupain-Cheng?
Marinette:::Chloé playing Ladybug? No way! Not gonna happen!
Alya::: Oh? That bothers you more than not being with Adrien in the video?
Marinette::: Uh, if I were Ladybug, I wouldn't want a brat like Chloé playing me.
Clara:::What do you think, Gabriel?
Gabriel::: Hmmm. Artistically speaking, the young lady with ponytails would've been ideal; but it's time to start filming. We'll make do with Miss Bourgeois.
Clara::: I trust you, Gabriel.
Chloé:::Woohoo!We're both going to be in a music video, Adrikins! ...Or should I say, Adri-cat!Get it? Adri-cat?
Adrien:::Adri-cat, yeah. 
Marinette:::Hey wait!... I've changed my mind! I do wanna be Ladybug!
Clara:::Awesome! This will be the best video yet!Thank you, thank you, Marinette!I'm really sorry, what's-your-name, But you can still be an extra in the video, if you're game!Chloé:What?! You want me to be a mere...extra?!Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Chloé:::Unh! Stop annoying me with that stupid dumb bear, Jean-Eudes!Hmmm.
Tikki:::Ooh! Great choice of fabric! And these seams! Amazing craftsmanship! Almost like the real thing, don't you think?
Marinette::: Uhh, yeah, it's too well done! Oh wow, Tikki; I really messed up this time! If they see me with this mask on, they're all gonna recognize me for sure! There's no way I can wear it!
Stagehand:::You ready, Marinette?
Marinette:::Yes, I'm coming! 
Alya:::There she is!
Clara:::Spot on! And spotlight!So, you're Ladybug and Cat Noir, right?Marinette and Adrien: No! Uh...uh...yeah!Aah...
Mayor Bourgeois::: But sweetie, there's no way we can cancel the shoot now.
Chloé:::I'm going to call Mom and tell her how all my dreams have been crushed! 
Mayor Bourgeois:::Let's not disturb our beloved Queen for such a little matter; right, my little Princess?
Clara:::One, two, and three.
Clara:::Your dance moves need to be synchronized if you can, So you'll need to hold each other by the hand.
Adrien::: Okay. 
Clara:::Not like that. Don't be shy!Like lovers do. Give it a try!
Alya:::Marinette's jaw will drop when she sees these pix!
Rose::: Oh! I can't believe how much they look like the real Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Clara:::One final task: Put on the mask.Adrien:Uh, I didn't see it. I looked everywhere in the dressing room for it but it was...
Marinette:::Uh, well, I...found the costume, but the mask was, um...
Marinette and Adrien::: ...nowhere to be found!
Alya:::They don't look a thing like the real Ladybug and Cat Noir now!
Stagehand:::It's okay! I found them!
Clara:::Go ahead, put them on, you two. We've got a lot of singing and dancing to do!
Alix::: Woohoo!
Mylène::: Come on!
Mayor Bourgeois:::I'm sorry. My administrative staff just realized you never submitted permit A38 as stipulated in the circular B65 that one can only get at counter C, third floor of City Hall, which is, alas, closed for renovations until August, which means you don't have a permit to shoot...anywhere in France, including Paris. 
Clara:::I...I don't understand!
Chloé:::It means no more dancing, no more singing today,The nightingale can spread her wings, and fly away! Oh! Did you hear that? I made a rhyme! How talented am I?
Clara::: No! The video needs to be shot here, in Paris, the capital of love, the city of Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Hawk Moth::: Ah... Tears of disenchantment. Such sweet music to my ears.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize her. 
Hawk Moth:::Frightningale, I am Hawk Moth. So they tried to silence you? With the power I'm giving you, the world will be nothing but song and dance!
Clara:::Yes, Hawk Moth, thank you,For making this dream come true! 
Chloé::: The show is over! You all have to leave now. 
Frightningale:::Sing, dance or rhyme, Or you'll be frozen in no time!
Chloé:::What is she talking about? Dancing and making rhymes? And why not play the trumpet too, while you're at it— 
Mayor Bourgeois:::Chloé, hon'!Please! Please! I'll keep up this rhyme, Don't make me freeze, not this time!Frightningale:Oh, bravo! And you've got the right tempo!
Marinette:::Time to transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Adrien:::Ready to vocalize?
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Frightningale:::Sing, dance or rhyme, Or you'll be frozen in no time!
Ladybug::: I thought you were a fan of Cat Noir and me, Nightingale; so you should know that we fight villains!
Frightningale:::I'm Frightningale from here on out, Forever and ever, there's no doubt! And if you stand in my way, There'll be a price to pay!Ladybug: You have to come 'round! Don't let negative emotions take you over!
Frightningale:::Song and dance will make the world a better place. Don't agree with me? Ha! Then you're a disgrace!
Ladybug::: I can help you if you give me your akuma!
Frightningale:::I won't let you take my akuma away. I like the new me, and I'm here to stay!
Cat Noir:::Do you mind if I join the dance? 
Frightningale:::You're like all the others; but you can't silence me! I'm just trying to make the world better, can't you see? Hawk Moth:Strike them, Frightningale! It'll be easier for you &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;to overpower them if they're forced to sing and dance! Then no one will be able to stop you from &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;accomplishing your dream. Now's your chance! Frightningale:Do you really think the two of you Can win this battle through and through?Ladybug: Two is always better than one!Cat Noir, I'll take the left.
Cat Noir::: I'm on it!
Ladybug::: Hey, look out!
Cat Noir::: Whoops! Sorry, M'Lady!
Frightningale:::Welcome to my musical show. I hope it will be your fatal blow! 
Ladybug:::Wait! Stay right here and dance, Or else you'll be frozen...&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;...uh, without a chance!Cat Noir:Yeah, you're right. We have to rhyme. Not so easy, um...all the time?Hawk Moth:Nice work. Ladybug and Cat Noir cannot fight back! They're too busy singing and dancing while we're on the attack. Now hurry, sweet Nightingale, it's both of their Miraculous that I lack. Frightningale:Hawk Moth, you bet! Miraculous you'll get!Ladybug:Stay in charge, Cat Noir; don't blow a fuse! Don't forget your dancing fight moves! Cat Noir:Dancing fight moves...? Like my Capoeira grooves!
Frightningale:::Why is Cat Noir so dumb? He doesn't even know fifty plus fifty is a sum!Cat Noir:Yes I do; The dummy is you! It's— Ladybug:Fifty plus fifty's a hundred and two!Frightningale: Huh?
Cat Noir:::Your math is crazy. Count again, M'Lady. Ladybug:Fifty plus fifty —the sum doesn't rhyme!One more false move and you're trapped, big time! Cat Noir:I almost made a serious boo-boo, But I didn't, thanks to you!
Frightningale:::You think you two are being so clever, But soon you'll tire yourselves, and be frozen forever!
Ladybug:::It's not in our favor at a glance, Because we constantly have to advance, While keeping up this song and dance. We can leave nothing to chance. Cat Noir:Sweet Bugaboo, I agree. But what possible plan do you see? Ladybug:Our last weapon can do her harm. It is my...set of handcuffs appear) What is this thrown our way? Handcuffs, I would say. Cat Noir:We know we have to stop her, But what solution do you offer? Ladybug:They're not for her; they're meant for us! Now Cat Noir, do your stuff!What's with the frown? What's going down? Cat Noir:I can't find a rhyme. Can you help me this time? Ladybug:Cat Noir, you're a sweet-talker, Rhymer, dancer and walker. Look at the bright side today. Don't be pessimistic, and make way... Cat Noir:For optimism! Cataclysm!
Ladybug:::Connected, we're one; our movements are synched. So let's get a move on, because we are linked!
Cat Noir::: +Ladybug:As if we were dancing without thought, Take this shot!Ladybug:By any chance, Will you grant me this dance? Cat Noir:Let's cut a rug, M'Ladybug!
Frightningale:::You can't bend the rules! Dancing tied up is cheating, fools!Ladybug:When someone's akumatized, We never compromise. Cat Noir:You're feeling unsteady. You know you've lost already!
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.
Ladybug & Cat Noir:::Pound it!
Clara::: Ladybug? Cat Noir! What are you doing here?
Cat Noir::: You were akumatized by Hawk Moth; but everything's back to normal again.
Clara:::I was saved by the two of you? How amazing! Too good to be true!Ladybug: And, I have an idea how you can finish your video without anyone getting in your way! 
Marinette:::In the daytime, I'm Marinette — just a normal girl, with a normal life. But there's something about me that no one knows yet, 'cause I have a secret.
Chorus:::Miraculous! Simply the best! Up to the test when things go wrong! Miraculous! The luckiest! The power of lovealways so strong, Miraculous!
Rose:::It's so much better like this!
Mylène::: At least now everybody gets to be in it!
Alya::: Besides, even though Marinette and Adrien kinda look like Ladybug and Cat Noir, they really weren't believable.
Marinette::: I couldn't agree more! And I wouldn't have had any fun playing Ladybug. It was so much better being with you guys!
Adrien::: Yeah, I prefer this version, too. I couldn't have pulled off playing Cat Noir.
Marinette::: I know.Worlds apart!
Adrien:::What?
Marinette:::What I meant was that you'd be more lame as Cat Noir than in real life. No! N-Not that you're lame in real life, right? It's just, compared to Cat Noir, you're just, I mean...you don't look a thing like him, that's what I mean.
Adrien:::And you don't look a thing like Ladybug either.
Marinette::: Huh?
Adrien::: Uh, yeah, I mean, I'm sure she's not as funny as you are!
Marinette::: Yeah.
