Unknown man::: Whoa, Whoa! 
Civilians::: Oh no! 
Ladybug::: You should take the elevator next time.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Unknown man::: My delta plane express delivery wasn't exactly the best idea.
Cat Noir::: Don't forget your bouquet! 
Ladybug::: Be careful on your way back!
Cat Noir::: For you, M'lady. 
Ladybug::: Seriously, Cat Noir? You're about to transform back! 
Cat Noir::: So what?
Ladybug::: Well, if you transform back, then I'll know who you are and then...
Cat Noir::: And then we won't keep secrets from each other anymore. 
Adrien::: We'll be united, more powerful and free, we'll defeat Hawk Moth, then we can both run away to an island!Far away from everything. We will live off nothing but fruits, and we will have a little pet hamster and we will name it-
Ladybug::: Cat Noir!I can't accept this rose from you. I told you already. I'm in love with someone else.
Cat Noir::: I know, M'lady. But if he weren't here, would things be different between us?
Ladybug::: Well, you know, I can't even begin to imagine him not being here. I'm sorry, Cat Noir. I really gotta get going, and you better do the same. 
Armand::: You sure take your time, Mr. Agreste. 
Kagami::: On guard!Predictable. Predictable. Predictable again. Too predictable. Way too predictable.
Kagami::: What's going on, Adrien? I usually enjoy defeating you, but it's no fun when you make it that easy.
Adrien::: Do you ever get the feeling that you're stuck, Kagami?That no matter what you do, it's the same old story over and over again. That things will never ever change.
Kagami::: Adrien, the biggest mistake a fencer can make isn't choosing the wrong technique. It's choosing the wrong target. Change targets.
Plagg::: Well, well, Casanova. Got yourself a new contender?
Adrien::: No. No way. Ladybug's the only one I love. But...
Plagg::: Ladybug doesn't love you, so maybe it's about time you changed your tune. Right?
Adrien::: Why should it be different with Kagami? I must not have the right technique, that's all.
Plagg::: I don't know a thing about human girls, but whenever I meet a beautiful Camembert, I introduce myself. Hello, Camembert. I'm Plagg. So very nice to eat you.
Adrien::: Thanks, but I'll get love advice from someone else.
Adrien::: Marinette! Perfect timing!
Marinette:::Huh? You think so?
Adrien:::Actually, what I meant was... I need some advice right now. Can we talk?
Marinette::: Uh... abosutely. 
Adrien::: Okay, well... I'm sorry, this is a bit awkward for me because it's about a girl.
Marinette::: A girl?
Adrien::: We see each other all the time because we study together. We've just been friends, you know. Until recently. 
Marinette:::'Till recently?
Adrien::: Now I'm starting to see her differently. Has the same thing ever happened to you?
Marinette::: Yes... no. Well, probably. What's she like?
Adrien::: She's special. Very pretty. She's got dark silky hair, deep and mysterious eyes...
Marinette::: Do... do I know her?
Adrien::: Yeah, it's Kagami.Marinette?
Marinette:::Uh... what?
Adrien::: I was just asking you what you thought I should do about Kagami.
Marinette::: The Ice Queen? 
Adrien::: What?
Marinette::: The ice... rink! Yeah, that's what I said. No better place to break the ice than the ice rink.
Adrien:::The ice rink? I think I'd be too shy to go there with her by myself. 
Marinette:::Well, uh, I could come along with you if you'd like.
Adrien::: You'd do that? That's awesome!I can't wait to go to the ice rink together. Thanks! 
Marinette::: That's what friends are for.Tikki, please tell me what just happened didn't really happen at all.
Tikki::: 
Alya::: This is gonna be your worst mess up in history. You have got to get yourself out of this right now. Ideas girls! Quick!
Alix::: Tell him you'd already promised to hang with your GFs. 
Rose::: Maybe you got lost on the way over?
Juleka::: Maybe you're gonna go to a concert?
Mylène::: You had to finish an essay on Periwinkle's migration.
Marinette::: Actually, girls... I don't think I want to cancel.
All Girls::: Huh?
Marinette::: Adrien really needs me and if he wants my advice then why not? After all, it's not an issue and I'm definitely not jealous because...
Rose::: Because you two love each other.
Marinette::: Because there's nothing between us. 
Alya::: What do you mean nothing between you?
Mylène::: There's everything between you, actually.
Marinette::: I always jumble my words around him. So how could I even manage going out on a date? I think we're actually just meant to be friends. Whenever I talk to him as a friend, I hardly stammer at all. That's a sign right there. Right?
Juleka::: Um...
Mylène::: Totally not!
Alya::: You have liked this man for, like, a million years and you're not gonna give up on him right now.
Luka:::Do you feel kinda like this?Personally, I think a girl like you deserves to feel more like this.And whoever made you feel this way is nothing but a... 
Marinette:::Thanks, Luka.Say, are you free tomorrow?
Gabriel::: Adrien? Aren't you supposed to be working on your fencing moves? Mr. D'Argencourt said he was very disappointed at your last session.
Adrien::: Yes, Father. I'm heading out for a one-on-one lesson with my strongest partner: Kagami.
Adrien:::If you don't mind, could you drive me to the ice rink? I told him I was going for a one-on-one lesson but I didn't say it was a fencing lesson.
Philippe::: I can't believe it, Mr. Mayor! You want to shut my ice rink down!?
André::: This is not your ice rink, Philippe! It belongs to the Parisians. I'm not closing it down. I'll just be converting it into an indoor gym for my Chloé... er, my city! Nobody comes to your ice rink for lessons anyway. You haven't had a single student sign up this year. Just look around you.
Philippe:::Wrong, Mr. Mayor! Some new skaters!I knew it!
André::: Okay, okay.If you can get just one single sign up within 10 minutes, I'll put the gym conversion work on hold.
Philippe:::Consider it done!
Adrien:::It was really cool of you to bring Luka, Marinette.
Marinette::: Of course. That's what friends are for. 
Adrien::: I don't know what to do about Kagami. Should I offer to hold her hand?
Marinette::: You have to let her fall.
Adrien::: Huh?
Marinette::: No, what I actually meant was that you cannot let her fall in any way. I mean, do whatever you can so that she doesn't fall.So yeah, grab ahold of her hand and take her onto the ice and then... AAAAH! 
Luka::: Try to be natural. Go with the flow and listen to the rhythm. Just follow my lead. 
Adrien::: 
Kagami::: Don't be scared. I won't tell anyone.
Adrien::: About what?
Kagami::: That you don't know how to tie your laces.C'mon. 
Luka::: You okay? 
Philippe:::Hey, young man! Have you ever thought about signing up for ice skating lessons? The judges wouldn't be able to resist that sparkling smile of yours.
Luka::: That'snice of you, sir, but my life is already filled with music. And I might have a brand new song to write, so...
Philippe::: Music's an important part of skating, you know. Think about it!
Kagami:::Did you invite because you were scared of being alone with me?
Adrien::: Of course not. It's just that I asked Marinette to help me.
Kagami::: Help you with what?
Adrien::: Uh... to perfect my figure skating skills.
Kagami::: But you don't need her for that. 
Philippe:::You have what it takes to be a champion. The style. The talent. Let me be your private coach.
Kagami::: I only practice noble arts like archery or fencing.Ice skating's just for fun.
Philippe:::I'll give you a week's worth of lessons for free. Just a few hours a day and you'll be a star.
Marinette:::Thanks, but I'm already very busy as it is.
Philippe:::Is that Adrien Agreste!?Adrien Agreste, I can see it now. Grace and style model, and professional ice skating champion. If you take lessons with me, I'll have you shining like the candles on a birthday cake.
Adrien::: Uh... maybe.
Kagami::: He already does fencing with me. 
Adrien and Luka::: Are you okay? 
Philippe::: See how a few lessons from me could come in handy? Please, Adrien Agreste. Just put your name on this form and your fans will come running. And my ice rink will be saved!
André:::None of these young people want to sign up, Philippe. You can't force them now, can you?
Philippe:::You're right. 
Kagami:::Get up!The only reason you can't stay on your feet is your hesitation. I never hesitate.Shall we go?
Luka::: Marinette? Are you okay?
Marinette::: I think I hurt myself. It's probably best we call it a day. 
Adrien:::Marinette doesn't look too good. Sorry, Kagami, I have to go and check on her. 
André::: I'm sorry, Philippe, but the ice rink will be closed down tonight. 
Hawk Moth::: Ahhh.... a burning passion that's about to be put on ice. What perfect bait for my akuma.Fly away, my pretty akuma, and evilize this ice skater's newly frozen heart.
Tikki::: Why are you so sad?
Marinette:::I like Luka. He's really nice, but do you think he's just like Adrien? Just a friend?
Adrien:::Marinette? Are you okay?
Marinette::: Yeah, I'm fine!
Plagg::: You're supposed to be in love with Ladybug, and now you ditch Kagami to go after Marinette?
Adrien::: Me? Going after Marinette? No! She's just a friend.
Hawk Moth:::Frozer. I am Hawk Moth. They want to take your rink away from you. So from now on, all of Paris will be your ice kingdom. In return, you must bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Philippe::: Ready to skate, Hawk Moth! 
Adrien:::What is that?Marinette! Hide!
Marinette:::Is that ice?Woah, let's try out Master Fu's magic-aroon.
Marinette::: Tikki, power up!Tikki: Stalac Tikki!Marinette: Stalac Tikki, spots on! Ha! 
Adrien::: Plagg, power up!Plagg: Plagg Glacier!Adrien: Plagg Glacier, claws out! 
Frozer:::Ladybug and Cat Noir. Your frozen statues will sparkle like trophies upon my kingdom of ice! 
Ladyice::: Cat Noir. We need to set up a trap for whoever turned the city into a giant ice rink. 
Icecat:::My feline instincts prefer to track and observe before I attack. You go your way, I'll go mine.
Ladyice::: Please don't tell me you're mad at me about the rose.
Icecat::: There may be a certain chill now between us. 
Ladyice::: I get it, but we should really focus on saving Paris right now.
Icecat::: We don't always have to do everything together, after all. It's not like we're a couple. 
Ladyice::: Cat Noir, don't get all pouty on me! 
Icecat:::This way.
Ladyice::: I need to set a trap, but what could I use as bait? 
Ladyice::: Thanks, Kitty.
Frozer::: 
Ladyice:::He's too fast! I'm positive the akuma's in his skates! 
Icecat::: My Cataclysm could destroy his skates but he'd have to be up in the air. You were right, M'lady. We're gonna have to set a trap. 
Ladyice::: You were right too. We observed and now we know enough.
Icecat::: Seems we're just missing a little push of luck to get the edge on him.
Ladyice:::Lucky Charm!A bag of salt?Salt makes ice melt!Okay. While I keep Frozer busy, you're gonna have to do some melting. Listen! 
Ladyice::: I'm waiting for you, Frozer! Don't get cold feet now!
Frozer::: Don't play with fire, Ladybug! 
Ladyice::: Let's see if you can do this! 
Frozer::: Don't make me laugh!I'm closing in, Ladybug!
Ladyice::: The next one is tricky!
Icecat::: Cataclysm! 
Ladyice:::No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Philippe::: Wh- Huh?
Ladyice & Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: You smashed through my plans like an icebreaker, Ladybug. But revenge is a dish best served cold. 
Adrien::: This is Philippe at the ice rink. He makes skating so much fun. 
Philippe::: Thank you, Adrien.
Adrien::: I hope this helps you get more students to sign up. 
Kagami::: You still keep doing what other people want you to do. 
Adrien::: No, I just want him to be happy. And I'm not changing my target. Even if it means failing over and over again, because one day, I will succeed and hit it.
Kagami:::The day you realize you've got the wrong target, I'll be here. 
Marinette::: 
Luka::: You wanna take the subway together, Marinette.You should probably go over and talk to him. Thanks for inviting me out today.
Marinette::: Thanks for coming with me, Luka.Adrien! ADRIEN! 
Adrien:::Marinette? Was there something you wanted to tell me?
Marinette::: I love you, Adrien! Even if you love Kagami. I just had to tell you. There!
Adrien::: Kagami? I don't love her. You're the one I love. How could I have been so blind?
Marinette::: Uh... You love me? So... We can get married and have a beautiful house and a dog, a cat or a hamster, and we'll name it
Adrien::: Marinette!
Marinette::: Marinette?
Adrien::: You OK, Marinette?
Marinette::: I just wanted to say that... we should go and skate at the ice rink more often. Yeah!
Adrien::: You mean...just you and me?
Marinette::: -You and me? Oh, no! course not! Cause we should take the whole gang there. Luka, Kagami, Alya, Nino!
Adrien::: You're right. That would be awesome! I'll try to free up some time to do that. See you at school.
Marinette::: Tikki, please don't tell me I did it again!
Tikki::: Don't worry. You'll get there one day, Marinette.
Philippe::: One at a time, now! Yes, yes, sign up right here. Learn to skate like Adrien Agreste!
