Mullo::: But we wanna...
Sass & Pollen::: We all missed Master Fu... 
Xuppu::: Hey! Let us visit him! Come on!
Fluff::: Please!
Trixx::: It's not fair!
Daizzi::: Please!
Kwamis::: Pleeeeeease!
Marinette::: Uh... You know why you can't come. When he made me the new Guardian, his memory was magically erased. Now, Master Fu is just like everyone else. He can't know about the Miraculous, my secret identity or you Kwamis!Come on, Tikki! Let's go.
Kwamis::: That's not fair!
Ziggy::: Why does Tikki get to go and not us?
Tikki::: I'm sorry, friends, but you know I can't leave Marinette in case she needs to transform.
Trixx::: But what if we hide too? Then he'd never see us! That'd be okay, right?
Daizzi::: We just wanna make sure he's okay!
Xuppu::: He took care of us for more than one hundred years, you know!
Marinette::: I know! But you're gonna have to let him live his new life with his soulmate! It's my turn to take care of you.
Marinette::: I understand, but...Alright, you can come, Wayzz.
Mullo::: Why?
Trixx::: Not fair!
Ziggy::: I wanna see him!
Roaar::: I wanna go!
Marinette::: I just can’t take all of you at once!
Marinette::: Because... because the Miracle Box has to be guarded; protected - that's why!
Trixx::: So you're saying is if one of us stays here to keep watch... the rest of us can come, right?
Marinette::: Huh? What?! Of course not!
Xuppu::: But how do we choose who stays?
Sass::: Let's let fate decide.
Xuppu and Daizzi::: Yeah; let's do Kwami-Kwa-Who!
Marinette::: Kwa-What?
Mullo:::Kwami-kweeny-koomy-who, the special chosen one isYOU! There—Marinette stays!
Marinette::: Oh, no you don't! That's cheating! Besides, I'm the Guardian; I get to decide.
Mullo::: Hmm, she leaves us no choice...
Xuppu::: Operation Kwami Baby-Doll Eyes!
Marinette::: Uh-
Kwamis:::PLEEASE??!
Marinette::: Uh... fine...Huh. Any.. Kwami willing to volunteer?
Blue Knight In Movie::: En garde, my lord!
Marinette::: Thank you, Barkk.Come on! Everyone inside!But I'm warning you - not even a peep out of any of you.You're peeping! 
Red Knight In Movie::: By jove! We're not out of the woods yet, my lord!
Roaar::: Ready?
Kwamis:::Dear Master Fu's on a ... 
Marinette::: It's my phone. It started on its own again.If it doesn't stop right now, I swear it's gonna end up in the trash!
Marinette::: Hi, Marianne. 
Marianne::: Hello, Marinette.Do you remember her, my love? She's the young girl who found you after your paddleboat accident. The one that caused your amnesia. 
Marinette::: I'm so glad to see you again, Master... I mean, Mr. Fu.
Wang Fu::: My dear child, you reunited me with my beloved Marianne. I can never thank you enough. 
Wang Fu::: Yes, life in London has been quite wonderful.
Marianne::: Would you believe it? Wang discovered a passion for painting. 
Wang Fu::: Actually, as a thank you for helping me, I want to give you this painting. 
Marinette::: Thank you. It's... really... Uh, am I holding it the right way?
Wang Fu:::Yes. I'm not sure myself what's supposed to represent.But when I think of you, this is what I see. So, there you go.What's this?That's such a cute little doll. Is it yours? 
Marinette:::Yes! It probably fell out when I took out the cake. 
Wayzz:::HE TOUCHED ME! HE TOUCHED ME!
Marinette:::I didn't show you! It talks too.He touched me! He touched me!So, what are you going to do while you're visiting Paris?
Wang Fu::: Paint, of course.Montmarte, the Tuileries gardens, the banks of the Seine. Is there any better place to paint than Paris?Go on. Don't mind me. 
Marinette::: Another slice of cake? 
Marianne::: Please. 
Roaar::: He looked as strong as a tiger!
Xuppu::: Unusual painting, though.
Daizzi::: Is there still cake?
Barkk::: I told you I had a bad feeling about this. 
Su-Han::: How come you are in possession of the Mother Box, young lady?
Marinette:::Who are you? 
Tikki:::That's Grand Master Su-Han. The celestial guardian of the Miracle Box. 
Marinette::: But I'm the guardian of the box. 
Tikki::: Celestial Guardian was in charge of it before that incident caused by Master Fu. 
Marinette:::How did you find me?
Su-Han::: The guardians' staffs hold compasses that allow the boxes to be tracked at all times. 
Marinette::: Hey! That's not fair! Why didn't I get a staff?
Su-Han::: Precisely because you are not a true guardian! This is all a misunderstanding, and the incorrect shape of the box proves it.
Marinette::: But I don't get it. Master Fu entrusted it to me.
Su-Han::: FU?! As in Wang Fu, also known as Whiny Chicken Leg?! That incompetent disciple unable to spend one entire day without eating, or do a thousand finger push-ups?! Fu should never have been a guardian. That low-life never lived up to the hopes that were placed in him.
Marinette::: Master Fu may have made mistakes when he was young, but he bravely protected the box for years! He even sacrificed himself and erased his own memory to save us!And now, he's become a great painter!
Su-Han::: That old man is Whiny Chicken Leg?! Wait...Some kwamis are missing.
Marinette::: When Master Fu gave the box, he already lost butterfly and the peacock. 
Su-Han:::He's lost a Miraculous too?!He's even more incompetent than I thought.PLAGG! Young girl, where is Plagg?!
Marinette::: That I know. Cat Noir is his holder.
Su-Han:::And who is Cat Noir?
Marinette::: Well... I don't know, since we're supposed to keep our identities secret.
Su-Han::: So this is the modern world: protected by a group of careless fools. Guardians must never wear a Miraculous! Some jewels missing and Plagg roaming free?! The end of dinosaurs and dragons - doesn't that alarm anyone?!That's enough! Kwamis, get in ying-yang patterns and back inside the box. 
Marinette::: What are you doing?! 
Su-Han::: Let me remind you about some of the Perfect Precepts that you have broken.Precept 14: Kwamis must not live outside the box.Precept 52: Guardians must never lose a Miraculous.Precept 133: A guardian cannot, under any circumstances, wear a Miraculous. 
Marinette::: But Master Fu wore one himself!
Su-Han::: Precisely! That just proves what I've been saying all along! Neither you nor Fu were up to the role of Guardian, because neither of you have respected the ancient absolute rules of our order! Not to mention the fact that no child should be a keeper of kwamis! They are ultra-powerful cosmic entities! One must manage them with authority, which you are obviously incapable of doing! 
Blue Knight In Movie::: En garde, my lord!
Su-Han:::Challenging me like this is akin to pulling on the tiger's whiskers, you villain! 
Marinette:::Whoa! Easy there. Calm down! It's just a movie. See?
Su-Han:::Such a powerful spell! How did that warrior end up in this flat prison of glass and metal?Anyway, we must waste no more time! Take me to Cat Noir, young lady.
Marinette:::Do you think this is a good idea?
Tikki::: I don't know. It might be best to do as he says. After all, he is the Celestial Guardian.
Marinette::: Oh, I guess you're right.
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on! Ah!
Su-Han::: What are you doing to your weapon?
Ladybug::: Well, this is my Bug-Phone, to talk to Cat Noir.
Su-Han:::You don't have to send doves to communicate with each other?
Red Knight In Movie::: We are not out of the woods yet, my lord!
Cat Noir::: Hello M'lady! Is this the wonderful guest you mentioned in your message?
Su-Han:::Of course, another child.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, this is-.
Su-Han:::I am Grand-Master Su-Han, the Celestial Guardian of the Mother Box.
Cat Noir:::What? Aren't you supposed to be guardian M'lady?
Su-Han:::When the lion speaks the cub listens! First off you two are going to hand over your Miraculous to me.
Cat Noir::: What, that's a bad joke.And I know all about bad jokes.
Ladybug::: We can't do that! How are we going to defeat Shadow Moth without our Miraculous?
Su-Han::: I will reassign then to carefully selected, appropriate adult holders. Like any rightful responsible Guardian would do.
Cat Noir::: Wait a minute. We can't just give our Miraculous to some guy who just showed up out of the blue.
Ladybug::: I..I don't know. The Kwamis confirmed that he's the real original guardian of the Box. Maybe Grand-Master Su-Han is right. Maybe Master Fu is wrong.Maybe that's the reason why we can't defeat Shadow Moth.
Cat Noir::: That's ridiculous! You'll always deliver! Trust yourself, Ladybug, like I trust you. If I have to give my Miraculous back then fine, I will. But only if you ask me to. You're the only Guardian here.
Su-Han::: Then it's settled. Order him to give you his Miraculous back and let's be done with this. Then you will renounce being the Guardian so I can retrieve the Mother Box.
Ladybug::: But... if I do it, will my memories get erased like Master Fu's?
Cat Noir:::Does that mean you won't remember me?
Cat Noir:::You want my ring? Then come and get it!
Su-Han::: Fine.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, calm down. That's a Guardian you're talking to. We're gonna find a solution. 
Su-Han:::Why do you think guardians study for so many years? Just to hand the Miraculous out to whomever? No. We are specially trained to overpower the Miraculous holders who have gone rogue, like YOU!Celestial Storm! The thousand fists of the Yama bring in the bearings wiped out! 
Cat Noir:::Master Fu was way nicer.
Su-Han::: And his Mira-Kung Fu was worse. 
Ladybug::: Grand-Master, the last I heard, I was the Guardian! And I say that Cat Noir keeps his Miraculous, and I keep mine!
Su-Han:::Insolent subordinate!Stream of Justice! Blows right down and murders the enemy armies! 
Ladybug::: I don't know how he's doing it but he's guessing our every move in advance! 
Su-Han::: My Mira-Kung Fu is like water. It adapts and finds its way anywhere. And you are barely afloat at the mercy of the river current!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, grab his staff. 
Su-Han::: The claws of the hungry cat, powerless against the milkman's iron box. 
Blue Knight In Movie::: En garde, my lord!
Su-Han::: Has the warrior escaped?
Ladybug::: Got it!
Su-Han::: What?
Cat Noir::: Bye-bye! 
Su-Han::: If you challenge the clouds, you will face the thunder!
Shadow Moth::: I feel a mixture of mysterious emotions: a scorned authority, a confused man defeated, but most of all, an anger ready to explode!Fly away, my evil akuma, and let the lava of punishment erupt from his volcanic heart!
Su-Han::: Ugh! If I still had my staff, I would hunt you down in no time!Huh? Fu! 
Su-Han:::Hand over your staff, Whiny Chicken Legs! You don't deserve it anyway. 
Wang Fu:::Have you lost your mind, young man?!
Marianne::: Leave my partner alone! 
Su-Han:::An akuma! Whirlwind of wisdom! The virtuous wind resists the temptation!My anger is mine but I am not my anger. My anger is mine but I am not my anger.Enough! Fool you're making me lose precious time! 
Wang Fu::: Marianne, are you okay?Where do you think you're going? You apologize to my partner and give my cane back at once, you boar! 
Shadow Moth::: Oh, everything is not lost after all.
Shadow Moth::: Turn around my little akuma!Fu, we meet again.
Wang Fu::: Do I know you?
Shadow Moth::: Furious Fu, I am Shadow Moth. That heartless thief has disrespected you and your partner. I'm giving you the power to make him pay! Show him who is in charge! All I ask in return are Ladybug's and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Wang Fu::: Could you repeat that once more? I didn't catch all of it.
Shadow Moth:::Do you want to get revenge on this man and get your cane back?! 
Wang Fu::: Do I ever.
Shadow Moth::: Then let's proceed. 
Furious Fu:::Which way did he go? 
Marinanne::: My love please! It's not worth it.
Furious Fu::: That reckless toad will not spit in the dragon's face without apologizing! ) FIND!
Cat Noir::: What do we do? Should we hide it? 
Ladybug::: And then what? He knows who I am anyway. He knows where I live! 
Su-Han::: Ladybug! Cat Noir! Give me back the Mother Box and your Miraculous! Return them to the right hands!
Ladybug::: Hey, that's Master Fu's cane. 
Furious Fu::: I want my cane and an apology!with his paintbrush) Thunderbolt! 
Su-Han:::Give it! 
Ladybug:::Never! 
Shadow Moth::: Furious Fu, bring me that box! 
Cat Noir:::Gooaal!!Hey! 
Furious Fu:::with paintbrush) TELEPORTATION! 
Shadow Moth::: One-zero, Ladybug. 
Ladybug:::Red card! He touched the ball with his hands! 
Su-Han:::No! Higher! Watch out! No, not like that! Ugh! So slow! Come on! Not that way! 
Cat Noir::: Hey, Mr. Bossy Pants! Would it kill you to help us out here? 
Su-Han:::Mirakung-Fu is a martial art designed to neutralize rebellious Miraculous holders! Not to fight super villians created through the magic of the Miraculous!
Ladybug::: So we're supposed to fix your mistakes? !
Furious Fu:::Phantom Palms and the Awakened! The wise man moves mountains without touching them!You're next. 
Su-Han:::A hundred thousand dragon talons! The pagoda breaker iron feet! The rage of the sunscreen with ingrown nails! 
Furious Fu:::with his paintbrush; places the paper of Su-Han's forehead) Statue.Finally.
Shadow Moth::: Well done Furious Fu.
Shadow Moth::: Now you must keep your word and bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Furious Fu::: Very well. So I have to take the wingless bat's bell, right?
Shadow Moth:::No! Not his bell his ring!
Cat Noir::: I am not a wingless bat! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, wait. We'll never defeat him.
Cat Noir::: What? 
Ladybug::: We just need him not to defeat us either.
Cat Noir::: You lost me.
Ladybug::: I have to make a call, cover me!
Cat Noir::: That I can do. 
Furious Fu::: The kitten can meow all he wants, but he will never roar like a tiger!
Ladybug:::Lucky Charm!Perfect! 
Furious Fu:::What is she up to?with his paintbrush) Vision!Oh, so this is your silly little plan. I know what you gonna do. 
Cat Noir:::We're not done yet! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Ladybug:::No!
Furious Fu:::You're going to turn yourself into cat food. 
Ladybug:::Take this!And that.There! Voila! We win! 
Furious Fu:::Win? You foolish beetle, we're just stuck now! I can't defeat you but you can't defeat me either!
Ladybug:::Oh but my plan was never to defeat you myself.
Marianne::: Sorry, I need to borrow that.There. Exactly like you said on the phone, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Thank you Marianne, that was perfect.No more evil doing for you little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly!Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug, Cat Noir, and Marianne::: Pound i- 
Cat Noir::: Whoops, sorry! 
Ladybug, Cat Noir and Marianne:::Pound it.
Ladybug:::Here, carry this with you at all times. It will protect you from future attacks. 
Wang Fu::: And it will remind me of you everyday. Thank you Lady Beetle and Mr. Bat. 
Su-Han:::I'm terribly sorry. Forgive me Whiny- uh Sir. I- I mistook you for someone who has been long gone. 
Wang Fu:::Don't worry about it, it's already forgotten. 
Shadow Moth::: Be careful with your magic box, Guardian of the Miraculous. You wouldn't want to lose it again.
Wang Fu::: The bat and the red beetle were incredible! Paris is always filled with good people ready to devote themselves for the greater good. Like you, Marinette.
Marinette::: You should really thank Marianne, you know. From what I heard, she was the true superhero of the day.
Su-Han:::Involving Marianne in the fight - a human without powers was against the precepts too.This has proven two things: the first thing is that you have the audacity to invent your own rules, and, as crazy as it may seem, somehow they all work.The second thing is that your natural instincts tell you who you can trust - an essential quality for a guardian. Whiny Chicken- uh, sorry.. Master Fu may not have made such a bad choice after all.The Miracle Box is the mother of all boxes. It's the very first one that was created, and the one that holds the most powerful magic jewels. I cannot imagine what would happen if it were to fall into the wrong hands. But I am going to trust you.I will keep watching you from a distance, but be wary - one failure and I will take the Miracle Box back.I will make the most of my time here in Paris to get accustomed to modern life. How can I be a good guardian if I don't try to understand the world around me? 
Marinette::: Thank you, Master. I have something for you too. I think you're gonna need these. 
