Shadow Moth::: Ladybug, ever since you became the guardian of the Miraculouses, something has been different, and believe me I will find out exactly what it is.
Gabriel::: Tonight, Emilie, our rings will once again be united. I've invited your sister and Félix. I have every intention of getting back what he stole from me.
Alya:::The Miraculous are magical jewels that give powers to superheroes, like Ladybug's earrings and Cat Noir's ring. But supervillain Shadow Moth also has two Miraculous brooches in his possession, and they will give him his powers. We can figure out from this that the Miraculous can either make a superhero or a supervillain. It's all riding on who wears it, which is why these jewels can't fall into just anybody's hands. That's all for today, guys! See you soon, and stay connected!
Félix:::I hope we'll get to see some superheroes while we're here in Paris, mom.
Amelie::: That would be pretty exciting, wouldn't it, darling?Mwah!
Nathalie::: Yes?
Nathalie::: Thank you, Adrien.
Adrien::: My father doesn't want me to invite my friends from school tonight.
Nathalie::: But there will be some teenagers here, like Chloé and Kagami.
Adrien::: Yeah, but only 'cause their parents are members of his club.
Nathalie::: These club members are influential people in Paris. They are very important to your father, Adrien.
Adrien:::And my friends are very important to me.
Gabriel::: Adrien, can you leave us for a moment?
Adrien::: Yes, father.
Gabriel::: I'm having a difficult time without your help, Nathalie. I realized now how many people it would take to fill your shoes.
Nathalie::: You're not thinking about cancelling the party, are you?
Gabriel::: I can't, the members of the club wouldn't understand. Also, Félix will be here with Amelie.
Nathalie::: I've made a list of everything that has to get done tonight.
Nathalie::: You'll just need to follow the instructions. The most important things are in red.Check the staffs' identities, make sure the robots are set to the proper program and don't forget to activate the cellphone scramblers, so the party stays private.
Nathalie::: Have you had lunch?
Gabriel::: No.Thank you.
Alya::: Marinette. We've decided to ask Marc and Nathaniel for help. If anyone can come up with the perfect plan for you to finally tell Adrien you love him, it's them.
Marinette::: What? Are you serious?
Alya::: Yeah, so?
Marinette::: So they all know about me and...how I feel about you know who?
Mylène::: Everyone knows that you're crushing on Adrien!
Marinette::: Even Adrien?
Nathaniel::: Adrien is probably the only one who doesn't know.
Marc::: Of course, otherwise there would be no story.
Alya::: We chose Marc and Nate, 'cause as you know, they're the experts in romantic comedies. Marc writes and Nate draws.
Rose::: And, since they succeeded in inventing a love story for Ladybug and Cat Noir in their first comic book, they're sure to think of the perfect plot between you and Adrien!
Marc::: Your story with Adrien seems really complicated.
Nathaniel::: But it's actually very simple.
Marc::: It's just like a fairy tale. Nate?
Marc::: Usually, a mean old witch imprisons a princess in a castle guarded by a dragon. And a knight in shining armour has to save her. Well, this is the same story, except you're the knight, Marinette, Adrien's the princess, the castle is his home, and the witch is his father, Gabriel.
Rose::: I'd have thought his father was the king.
Alix::: Or the dragon.
Zoé::: His bodyguard would be the dragon, he looks the part!
Mylène::: He looks more like a gorilla.
Nathaniel::: The main obstacle in the fairy tale could be the dragon.
Marc::: Or the witch! In Marinette and Adrien's story, it's Gabriel. But the witch Agreste has made a mistake! He's been letting his son out of the castle to go to school!
Alya::: And that's where the good fairies come in!
Marc and Nathaniel::: Us!
Marc::: Every week, we'll think of a new plan, so that the knight can finally kiss the princess! And they can finally live happily ever after with buckets of hamsters! And the plan will always take place in the one and only location where the witch can't get to, which is...
Marinette::: The school!
Chloé::: A-ha! You forgot me in your ridiculous fairy tale!
Rose:::The terrifying ogre!
Mylène::: The big bad wolf!
Alix::: The ugly toad!
Chloé::: Your worst nightmare!
Chloé::: Thanks to this video, I'm going to ruin Dupain-Cheng's fairy tale! Tonight, I'll show this video to his father, who will realize that you're trying to take his son away from him and make him fall in love with a baker girl! Then he'll lock Adrien up in his room forever and forbid him to come back to school, and poof! There goes your fairy tale! Adrien will never see you again! Good for him!
Marinette::: I thought you're happy that Adrien was coming to school?
Chloé::: He'll be better off alone at home than surrounded by a bunch of lame-o's at school! And then maybe he'll be lucky enough to go back to being my Prince Charming whom I've always adored!
Marinette::: Adrien was never your Prince Charming, Chloé!
Chloé::: We'll see about that, Dupain-Cheng! Sabrina, ninja smokescreen!
Marinette::: She won't do anything. Not tonight, or ever. The witch— I mean, Gabriel, doesn't just let anyone walk into his house.
Zoé::: Normally, that's true, but actually, there's a dinner party tonight, and all his friends are invited, with their children! Chloé will be there.
Marinette::: Yeah, but so will her mother, who's your mother, so you'll be there too! You'll be able to stop her, right?
Zoé::: My darling half sister Chloé managed to convince her mother not to bring me with them.
Marinette:::She really is a piece of work...
Marc::: We just have to pretend like we're in a fairy tale! The knight simply has to go to the ball to stop the evil Chloé from showing the videos to the witch Agreste!
Zoé::: The knight can't get into the ball. The ball is off-limits, tonight.
Marc::: Unless, the knight is wearing...
Nathaniel:::A disguise!
Zoé:::Jean Quinton, did my mother tell you that the dinner party is no longer at Gabriel's tonight?
Butler Jean::: Oh no! Madam didn't mention anything to me.
Zoé::: A helicopter will be coming to the roof, to take you over to the Eiffel Tower.
Butler Jean::: Is mademoiselle sure about this?
Zoé::: Excuse me? Are you suggesting that I might be wrong?Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!Sorry, but it's for a good cause.
Zoé:::The butler is out of the picture.
Marc::: The knight can take his place!
Rose:::There, perfect!
Gabriel:::Office locked, check.
Gabriel::: Dining room, check. Accessories, check.
Gabriel::: Catering, check. Activate scrambler...
Gabriel::: You handle the cellphone scrambler, I'll take care of greeting my guests.
Gabriel::: Welcome.
Marinette::: Waitress in sight.
Zoé:::Good luck, Marinette.
Marinette:::Hi there.
Sarah::: Uh...
Marinette::: I'm Marino.Sorry I'm late, they let me know at the last minute that I had to take over for the regular waiter 'cause... he's sick!
Sarah::: Oh! Nice to meet you. My name is Sarah. Here's the deal, this is a very private party with very important people! We have to be invisible. The only contact we'll have with Gabriel will be when he takes our fingerprints to check our identities.
Marinette::: Ah— uh... check our identities?
Rose:::Was this part of the plan?
Sarah::: We're just here for food prep in the kitchen and overseeing the children. The robots will be serving the adults. Follow me, everything will be fine.
Marinette::: I've got the muscles, I'll carry the heavy stuff. Don't you worry, partner!
Gabriel::: Thank you.
Marinette::: I'm in!
Zoé:::Yes, well done!
Audrey::: How come you're doing all the work tonight, Gabriel? If you needed more servants, you just have to ask us to lend you more.
Gabriel::: Welcoming you is never work, dear Audrey.
Chloé:::Mr. Agreste, I need you to show you a video, it's really important that you see this!
Marinette::: Woaah! Oh no!
Chloé::: My phone!
Adrien::: I guess you dropped this.
Marinette::: Thanks—Oh— I mean, thanks.
Adrien::: Do I know you?
Marinette::: Not likely, I don't know anyone.
Chloé::: Hey! You have to watch this, are you ready?
Gabriel::: I don't have time for this, young lady.
Chloé::: But—
André::: Come along now, sweetheart. Gabriel is obviously busy.
Amelie::: Gabriel! I'm so happy to be able to thank you in person for giving our family's ringback to Félix.
Gabriel::: It was the sensible thing to do, Amelie.
Adrien::: That was very thoughtful of you, Father.
Marinette::: I can handle serving the youngsters, I've always been good with kids.
Sarah::: I'd rather you stay in the kitchen.
Zoé:::Show her she's making the wrong choice, Marinette!
Marinette::: Oh, no! I'm so clumsy!
Sarah::: Okay, you take care of the kids.
Chloé::: Oh look, it's the fake Adrien! If I was anyone, other than Chloé Bourgeois, you might actually have me fooled!
Félix:::You're wrong, Chloé, I am Adrien!
Chloé:::Oh! I'm so sorry, Adrikins!
Félix:::You're still just as foolish as ever, Chloé Bourgeois.
Chloé::: Mr. Agreste! Is now good? Do you have time to look at my film?
Gabriel::: All cellphones will be secured safely for the duration of the evening.
Gabriel::: I'm sure you understand how essential privacy is when important business is on the line.
Alya::: They've got a soundwave scrambler in the house!
Alix::: I'm sure she can handle it.
Gabriel::: Adrien, show your young friends up to your room.
Adrien::: Yes, father.
Gabriel::: Félix. May I see you for a moment?
Gabriel::: Why did you steal my ring, Félix?
Félix::: Mom really wanted me to have it since it belonged to her family.But you really wanted to keep it, so I planned on giving it back to you tonight.
Gabriel:::Hmm. Your mother will be sad if you do that.
Félix::: Don't worry, uncle.She won't know. I had a copy made.
Gabriel::: You're an intelligent young man, Félix.
Gabriel::: I know each and every scratch on Emilie's ring! It's a fake ring!He gave me a fake ring! How dare he?!
Adrien:::Hey, Félix! Are you coming?
Nathalie::: Akumatize him, then make him tell you where he's put Emilie's real ring and get it back.
Gabriel::: If I do that, he'll know that I'm Shadow Moth.Who else would want that ring?
Nathalie::: You're forgetting how immense your powers are now. You can be the Gabriel who creates negative emotions and the Shadow Moth who akumatizes them at the same time.
Gabriel::: Brilliant idea, Nathalie.
Gabriel::: Duusu, Nooroo, dual metamorphosis!
Shadow Moth::: No one tricks Gabriel. But you, my lovely amok, you will deceive that arrogant young Félix! And thanks to you, I will get my ring back!
Shadow Moth:::You're perfect!
Chloé:::I need to find a phone. He has to watch my movie.
Adrien:::Chloé, you heard my father. Not during the party.
Chloé::: He will thank me when he sees what I filmed.
Adrien::: Chloé, No!
Marinette:::I will take care of it. I've always been good with young people.
Félix:::I need to speak to my mother.
Sarah:::Marino, why do you have a cardboard box on your head?
Marinette:::Uh— it's to entertain the youngsters!
Marinette:::Where are you Chloé? You are here somewhere.
Marinette:::She's looking for her phone! I won't let you do it.
Sentimonster Gabriel:::What are you looking for, Félix?
Félix:::You. I'd like to get to know you better, uncle.
Sentimonster Gabriel::: It's true. You don't know me very well at all, otherwise you wouldn't have given me a fake ring. Where did you put the real ring? The one that belongs to my wife?
Félix::: In a safe place.
Sentimonster Gabriel::: Wherever it is, you're going to give it back to me.
Félix::: How do you plan to make me do that, by using your powers... Shadow Moth?
Sentimonster Gabriel::: I am Gabriel, and I do indeed have every power I need to find my wife's ring, including the power to destroy your life. I don't need to be Shadow Moth for that.
Félix::: I knew you were no ordinary uncle.
Sentimonster Gabriel:::And now you know that I only need to snap my fingers to make you disappear from here.
Félix::: You wouldn't dare!
Sentimonster Gabriel::: Do you want to take that risk, Félix? Think of your mother.
Shadow Moth:::Félix, I am Shadow Moth. You've put yourself in an unfortunate situation by trying to defy someone stronger than you. But I can give you the power to escape Gabriel. All I ask in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Félix::: This is impossible! I'm not mistaken. You are wearing a Miraculous. Those jewels are underneath your scarf, the brooches!
Sentimonster Gabriel::: Brooches? What are you talking about?
Shadow Moth:::You really think that Gabriel could be Shadow Moth?He doesn't have what it takes! And neither do you. Accept the power I'm offering you!
Félix::: I'm not afraid of your threats, and I don't need your power!
Sentimonster Gabriel::: Come back!
Nathalie::: Use your anger to akumatize the sentimonster.
Shadow Moth:::Collector, you have failed in the task of getting that Boy to tell you his secret. So, now I give you the power to take it by force.
Bob Roth::: Hey! That's my phone!
Chloé::: Mr. Agreste! I have to show you my video.
Collector::: I am now the Collector, and anyone caught in my tablet will give up their secrets to me!
Bob Roth::: My phone!
Chloé:::I just wanted to show you this video to hurt the baker girl and keep Adrikins all to myself, because I'm a mean person.Why did I say that?
Collector:::And you! What were you doing in the living room reserved for the members of my club? What secrets are you hiding?
Bob Roth:::I steal people's ideas and then I-
Kagami:::Hide in here!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Collector:::And you Félix! Where did you hide my ring?
Marinette:::Tikki! Spots on!
Cat Noir::: Hey M'Lady! Looks like the Collector is gone high tech.
Ladybug::: I liked it better when he had a book. At least you had a limited number of pages.
Cat Noir:::I will get him out of here.
Cat Noir::: What do you got that Collector wants it so badly?
Félix::: My ring.
Cat Noir::: If it's yours, why would he want to take it from you?
Félix::: I don't know. My uncle is a strange man.
Cat Noir:::Whoa! I hope that statue takes up a lot of memory.
Ladybug::: That's right! The memory on that tablet is going to fill up pretty fast!
Cat Noir::: Stay here Félix.
Ladybug::: -or not. Lucky Charm!
Cat Noir:::Way to bounce back, m'Lady.
Ladybug::: Want to help me to set up the table, kitty cat? 
Cat Noir::: So, what's for dinner?
Ladybug::: A Collector!
Collector::: My appetite is insatiable! You will fall before me!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! Time for a rebound.
Cat Noir:::Dinner's ready!
Collector::: Nooooo!
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Shadow Moth:::I'm so sorry. The memory of my wife made me vulnerable. That ring was all I had left of her but you can keep it, of course! After all, I did give it to you.
Ladybug::: Keep this magical charm with you. It may not heal your pain but it will keep Shadow Moth from using it against you.
Shadow Moth:::Thank you, Ladybug. You can't imagine how much this means to me.
Chloé::: Mr. Agreste! Mr. Agreste! Now you have to watch my video!
Bob Roth::: Hang on there a minute, young lady! That's my phone.
Chloé::: And it's my video.
Bob Roth::: Oh yeah?There. Deleted!
Chloé::: No... Nooooooo!
Bob Roth::: Now it's only my phone. Have a nice rest of the evening, everyone!
Shadow Moth::: So... that is what's changed, Ladybug. I release you from existence.
Shadow Moth::: Reverse morphosis. 
Gabriel::: I want to know how Ladybug was able to create this magical charm.
Nathalie::: I haven't read anything about it in the spell book.
Gabriel::: What if... the book was only a chronicle of what has been discovered up until now.
Nathalie::: So that's why there are blank pages at the end.
Gabriel::: This means that the power of the Miraculous is even stronger than we thought.
Nathalie::: As is yours.
Marinette::: Oh, guys! What a night!
Marc::: It gave us an idea for another plan, Marinette. Nate? So we thought—
Marinette::: Oh— uh, that looks really terrific, but... I think the knight in shining armor needs her beauty sleep before she can go on a new adventure.
Alya::: Wise decision, 'cause a good fairy tale hero needs to be in tip-top shape!
Nathaniel::: In the meantime, Marc and I are gonna write a new comic. The Adventures of Marino: The Clumsy Waiter!
Gabriel::: A little surprise for when you come back, my dear nephew.
