Cat Noir::: Wow, you are on fire, bugaboo. We never beat villains so fast. Pound it!Bugaboo? Something wrong?
Ladybug:::Uh, pound it - yeah. Hey, why don't we check one more time that everything's okay in Paris?Like, an extra patrol?
Cat Noir::: You wanna tell me what's going on? You didn't even scold me when I called you bugaboo.
Ladybug::: There's nothing going on, everything is super great. I just have some extra time and I really don't feel like chit-chatting.
Cat Noir::: Then I know the perfect place when there's no talking.
Ladybug::: I'm all in!
Movie::: Oh, my darling. Why can't you love me? 
Ladybug:::You tricked me.
Cat Noir::: Shh. No talking, you said.
Civilian::: That's Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Movie::: I'm keeping too many secrets from you Ronaldo, stop giving me those puppy eyes, okay? I'll tell you everything. I'm leading a double life Ronaldo. 
Ladybug:::Are you kidding me? Don't tell him anything, you fool!
Cat Noir::: Could you keep it down, m'lady?
Ladybug:::Romantic comedies are lame anyway, and you know why? It's totally not realistic! In real-life, the girl would take forever to tell the guy she loves him without stuttering. Bla-bla-bla! So how can see she know if he loves her back? It's impossible, so then she decides she can never ever be with him, and then BAM! She falls in love with another guy, and everything is so cool. Almost too easy, no stuttering, they hold hands, they get all kissy-kissy, and then, SURPRISE! She has secrets! And him, he hates secrets, of course. So as they break up, and everyone lives un-happily ever after, the end. And that's why romantic comedies are so lame. 
Cat Noir:::So sorry, we'll be going now.
Ladybug::: Stay AWAY from the romantic comedy, go for heroic heroes instead. Special effects, heroes saving the world, no feelings, no questions, nobody talks because there is NOTHING to say! That is good entertainment for sure.
Cat Noir:::Sorry!
Cat Noir::: Listen m'lady, I didn't get everything you said and obviously, I know nothing about your private life, but I do know what heartbreak sounds and feels like, and-
Ladybug::: Heartbreak? Me?That is not it at all, everything's fine. In fact, I feel like swimming, let's go to the pool! 
Cat Noir:::You know, if you ever want to talk about anything, I'm here for you.
Ladybug::: SWIMMING! Woo-hoo!
Ziggy::: It's so sad!
Barkk::: I told you we should've taken those photos down! 
Aquabug::: Stop, I'm not sad and these photos don't bother me, at all. They're just shots of fashion and friends, and I love fashion and I love my friends, so it's all good.There's no problem, see?
Alya::: So, Marinette's got a problem. Her heart's been broken. At first Marinette is crazy about Adrien but she's never been able to tell him about her feelings because well.. she's Marinette and he's.. well.. Adrien. Then comes along Luka, Marinette can talk to him because he's.. well.. Luka. So they start dating.
Rose::: They were so cute together!
Alya::: Yeah, except they broke up.
Juleka::: He was like super sad when they did.
Alya::: But the real problem here is that Marinette never told us anything. If Luka hadn't told Juleka, who told Rose, who told Mylène, who then told Alix, who finally told me. Then I, her BF in the whole world would still be in the dark! Yesterday I was in the restroom and I heard her crying.
Marinette::: 
Alya::: Marinette? Have you been crying?
Marinette:::Me? Crying? Are you kidding? I'm super happy! Let's celebrate and have a party! I'm so happy!
Rose::: Why is she keeping all these secrets from us? 
Alix::: If she's not even telling Alya, then there's a real problem!
Mylène::: What do we do? 
Alya::: What Marinette needs is a friendly intervention. Let's all call her up together and see how she's doing. 
Girls::: Rabbit check! 
Alya::: She's not picking up.
Marinette:::It's Marinette, leave a message, beep! 
Alya:::Hey Marinette, it's us! 
Girls::: 
Alya:::We were just calling to tell you that we're here if you need to talk, whenever you want, wherever you want, call us back!
Girls:::We love you, big hugs!
Barkk::: We gotta do something! 
Wayzz::: We need Tikki! 
Trixx::: I got this! Why aren't you using the talking light box to speak to your friends? 
Aquabug::: About what? Everything's fine.
Trixx::: Don't you think you should detransform then? 
Aquabug::: No, I'm better off like this, if Shadow Moth attacks Paris, I'll already be ready for action at any time.
Trixx::: Yes, but what about Tikki? She might need to rest a bit, or maybe eat something.
Aquabug:::Oh no! Tikki, spots off! 
Marinette:::Are you okay Tikki? 
Tikki::: Better than you, Marinette. We should have a little talk. 
Alya::: Maybe we should go to her house. What do you think? 
Mylène::: We'll give her an eternal friendship bracelet so she never forgets that friends can tell each other anything and that we'll always be there for her. 
Mylène::: I read in a magazine that an ancient South American tribe did something like this. You tell a secret to the bead in your mind, once Marinette adds her secret to the bead this bracelet will unite us all forever. Ready?
Alix::: Seriously, wouldn't it be more logical to take her out for a smoothie and help her work out her love problems? 
Alix::: Okay.
Marinette::: As long as I'm Ladybug, I can't have loved ones in my life.
Tikki::: What makes you say that Marinette? 
Marinette::: You know why. I had to break up with Luka because I couldn't tell him the truth, it'd be the same thing with Adrien. I can't share my secret with either of them. I can't be honest with my closest friends or my parents about anything. I'm doomed to be a big liar to everyone, forever. What do I do Tikki? 
Tikki::: I wish I could tell you but... kwamis don't fall in love.
Marinette::: You see? No one can help me. My life as Marinette is too complicated. I should just be Ladybug all the time! Tikki, spots on! 
Alya::: Marinette? Marinette? 
Rose:::Wow! Check this out girls! This is new! Oh, it's so cute!
Mylène::: Another one of Marinette's cool creations.
Alya::: She must be up on the patio, I'll go get her.
Ladybug::: What are you waiting for, Shadow Moth?! Here I am! 
Alya::: Marinette? 
Ladybug:::Spots off. 
Alya::: Marinette! 
Marinette::: What are you doing here? 
Alya::: We're just checkin' in on you, girl. 
Rose::: Aw, it looks just like a real house, look how the roof comes off to show the inside!
Marinette:::No! No, don't touch that! Move away! 
Rose:::Sorry, Marinette! 
Marinette:::Will you please leave my room?! 
Alya::: Chill out Marinette, it's just a doll house. We'll totally help. 
Marinette::: No you won't, please go!
Alya::: Okay Marinette, there's clearly something wrong and we're not leaving you like this till you tell us what it is.
Mylène::: Each of us told our secrets to this bracelet. It's your turn now.
Marinette:::The only thing that's wrong right now is you guys still hanging out in my room, which is not cool!
Alya::: If we're really your friends, you can confide in us.
Rose::: Real friends don't ever let each other down. 
Marinette:::Well then maybe I don't want you to be my friends, GET OUT!
Marinette:::I had no choice Tikki, I had to do it. 
Tikki:::I know, Marinette.
Marinette::: At least now I won't have to lie anymore, since, there'll be no one to lie to. 
Sabine::: Is everything okay? Girls? 
Shadow Moth::: Several fragile hearts that break all at the same time. What a lovely symphony for my akumas.Fly away my akuma, and evilize them! 
Alya:::I just lost my best friend. 
Mylène:::I really thought it would work.
Rose:::This is so sad!
Juleka::: 
Alix:::This cannot end like this!
Shadow Moth:::Gang of Secrets, I am Shadow Moth. Your friend won't reveal her secrets to you? I will give you all the powers you need to force her to give them up! All that I want in exchange are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. 
Alya::: Marinette will stay our friend. 
Alix::: Whether she wants to or not.
Mylène::: And she'll keep no secrets from us.
Juleka:::Can't believe she'd do that.
Lady Wifi::: I'll be in charge of capturing her.
Princess Fragrance::: I will force her to reveal what she's been hiding from us. 
Timebreaker:::And I'll turn back time to return everything to the way it was.
Reflekta::: We'll comfort her and she'll be our friend again.
Lady Wifi::: And if Ladybug and Cat Noir try to stand in our way, Horrificator will keep them busy! 
Lady Wifi:::I'm here for you Marinette, I'm your friend.You will tell us all your secrets and you will feel so much better! 
Wayzz::: You really shouldn't be doing this, Trixx!
Barkk:::Remember the last time you used your power of Illusion without a holder?
Trixx:::Marinette must not reveal her secret. Mirage!
Lady Wifi::: How did she? 
Lady Wifi::: Don't run away Marinette, we're friends aren't we?Follow me.
Marinette::: Thanks Trixx.
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on! Ah! 
Ladybug::: When a kwami uses their power without a holder to channel its energy, doesn't it often set off some kind of catastrophe? 
Trixx::: My power creates Illusions,so the side effects will hopefully just be in their imaginations. 
Trixx::: Oh come on, her Miraculous Ladybug will make everything alright anyway.I hope. 
Ladybug::: Oh Trixx… 
Nadja Chamack:::A strange phenomenon has just hit the Eiffel Tower. We advise all Parisians to stay home… 
Plagg::: I'll bet you an entire Camembert that this is Trixx's doing.
Adrien::: Trixx? 
Plagg::: The kwami of Illusion. 
Adrien::: What's not an illusion is the fact that Ladybug needs our help!
Plagg::: Great. Even when I'm not the one who made the mess, I still have to help clean it up.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Lady Wifi::: Marinette…!
Students::: 
Princess Fragrance::: Has anyone seen Marinette Dupain-Cheng? 
Students and Jean-Pierre Monlataing::: Huh? 
Princess Fragrance::: Then you're gonna help us find her! 
Students and Jean-Pierre Monlataing::: At your service, Princess Fragrance.
Lady Wifi::: She's got to be here somewhere. Let's split up.
Cat Noir::: Hey there, m'lady. Somebody is having a super villain party and didn't invite us.
Ladybug::: They're looking for Marinette Dupain-Cheng, one of their classmates.
Cat Noir::: Haven't we already saved her a bunch of times? Funny you'd think everybody would like her.
Ladybug::: Well apparently, she's managed to alienate all her friends at once. 
Cat Noir::: You still there? 
Ladybug::: Just thinking. With five villians it's not gonna be easy finding the object that has the akuma. 
Cat Noir::: I bet you already have an idea, right? 
Ladybug::: I'm going to isolate one of the villains from the others and get her to tell me where the akuma is. Meanwhile, you find Timebreaker to stop her from going back in the past, otherwise she could really screw up my plan.
Cat Noir::: Good luck, M'lady. 
Ladybug::: Thanks, you too.
Cat Noir::: Hey, it's been awhile. How's it ticking Ms. Time Keeper?
Timebreaker::: It's Timebreaker. And I don't have a second to lose talking to you. 
Lady Wifi::: Ha, bummer for you, Ladybug. I don't have the akuma.
Ladybug::: No biggie, I just wanted to talk to you anyway.
Lady Wifi::: I've got nothing to say to you.
Shadow Moth:::Your friend, Lady Wifi is having some trouble with Ladybug. 
Cat Noir:::Hey! Don't you wanna play anymore? 
Ladybug::: Alya, from what I understand, you've been having some issues with your best friend. Her name's Marinette, right?
Ladybug::: I don't know what happened between the two of you, but I wanna tell you about a friend of mine. She's a superhero. You know Rena Rouge right? 
Ladybug::: Of course, we keep secrets from one another, mainly because of my secret identity, but even though we can't tell each other everything, we trust each other. And that's why we can fight side by side. You can reject the power that Shadow Moth gave you.
Shadow Moth:::Don't listen to her Lady Wifi. If you do that, you'll never know your friend's secrets! Or Ladybug's! 
Ladybug::: I trust you completely Alya. And I need you! I.. need Rena Rouge! 
Shadow Moth:::That's.. impossible!
Ladybug::: Wow. No one has ever done that... you're amazing!
Alya::: It's 'cause you're an amazing friend, Ladybug. 
Ladybug and Alya::: Pound it.
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, the Gang of Secrets is looking for you, I'm on it, but I don't know how long I can hold them off all by myself.
Shadow Moth:::Your friend Lady Wifi has betrayed you, she chose Ladybug's side. Hurry up and seize his Miraculous so you can take care of the bug!
Ladybug::: Which object holds the akuma? 
Alya::: It's in a bracelet. Timebreaker must have it, but you and Cat Noir will never be able to take on four villains at once.
Ladybug::: I think this calls for the master of Illusion. 
Alya::: Woah! How'd you do that? 
Ladybug::: There have been a few upgrades since I became Guardian of the Miraculous. 
Alya::: You're Guardian of the- 
Ladybug::: Yeah, keep it on the down low. Not a word about it on the LadyBlog.
Alya::: You know I know how to keep a secret.
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce! 
Reflekta::: No Cataclysm to save you this time. 
Ladybug::: We need to hurry! Lucky Charm!Okay, I got a plan, listen. '
Cat Noir::: At the very moment you touch it, I'll summon my power and then who knows what's gonna happen to you.
Princess Fragrance::: Why bother taking it, when I can make you my slave and order you to give it to me?
Ladybug::: Give them what they want, now!
Rena Rouge::: Mirage! 
Marinette Illusion::: Cat Noir, no! 
Gang of Secrets::: Marinette! 
Princess Fragrance::: Catch her! 
Shadow Moth:::No! Take his Miraculous first! Come back! 
Cat Noir::: Thank you, M'ladies. I was a whisker away from cat-astrophe. 
Ladybug::: That's what friends are for, my kitty cat. Okay, you two get to the pool, now. 
Cat Noir::: What about you? 
Ladybug::: I'll keep our guests busy. Rena Rouge will explain the rest of the plan.
Shadow Moth:::Seize Ladybug! Take her Miraculous!
Timebreaker::: You take care of her. I'll deal with Marinette. 
Reflekta::: You're on Princess!
Timebreaker::: It's time to give up your secret, Marinette! 
Princess Fragrance::: Soon you're going to do anything we demand of you, Ladybug. For starters, give us your Miraculous now! 
Shadow Moth:::Finally.
Timebreaker::: There's nowhere to go!
Rena Rouge::: Mirage, Vanish! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Rose::: Thank you, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye little butterfly!Miraculous Ladybug! 
Rena Rouge::: Pound it? 
Ladybug, Rena Rouge, and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Shadow Moth::: You've made mistakes before Ladybug, and you'll make them again! One day, I will discover your secret! 
Rena Rouge::: Let's rest.
Alya::: Thank you, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: You know, without you and Cat Noir, I wouldn't have made it through today. I'm really lucky to have friends like you. So, thank you. 
Marinette::: It's true, breaking up with Luka broke my heart. And never being able to tell Adrien how I feel is just as painful. Love is too difficult. I think- I think I'm gonna stick to friendship, that's about all I can handle right now.
Rose::: Take your time.
Mylène::: It'll all work out. 
Alya::: And whatever happens, we'll always be here for you. 
Alix::: When you're ready for love, just make sure you tell us, so we can help you with a sick new plan to win over Adrien, Luka or whoever! 
Girls::: 
Marinette::: Girls, it's you who I love. 
Rose::: Bye, Marinette.
Alix::: Bye! See ya tomorrow. 
Alya::: You go ahead girls, I just have one last thing to say to Marinette. 
Alya::: You didn't tell us everything, did you? A journalist and a BFF can tell these things. 
Alya::: I won't try to figure it out or force it out of you.If you can't tell me what's in your heart, it's your right.
Marinette::: Will we still be friends? 
Alya::: Marinette. I'm your best friend, and I'll always be. That's why it kills me that I can't help you with whatever's making you feel so alone.
Marinette::: Alya, wait! Stay. You're right, I am alone.More than ever before. I can barely take it anymore! You know why I broke up with Luka? Not because I don't like him, he's amazing! It's 'cause there's something that I can't tell him. You know why I have to forget Adrien? For the exact same reason! You're right, I keep secrets, I lie all the time! I lie to my friends, to my parents, to everyone and the worst thing is, I can't do it any other way!
Alya::: There's always another way. 
Marinette::: No, not this time. I have no choice. All this is bigger than us, Alya. Way too big.
Alya::: If it's too big, two of us can handle it better than one.
Marinette::: If I tell you, things will never be the same between us again.It'll mess up everything, maybe even destroy it.
Alya:::Marinette, I'm your very best friend.
Marinette::: And I… I'm Ladybug. 
