Parisian 1::: The two of you are so cute together!
Cat Noir:::Uhh, thanks?
Firefighter::: You guys make a good couple!
Ladybug::: We're not a couple, we're partners! 
Parisian 2:::Ah, love is great!
Ladybug:::I don't believe this! What's with everybody today? We are not in love!
Glaciator::: You can't deny it! It's in the news!
Ladybug:::What?!
Parisian 2:::Cat Noir, can I have an autograph?
Cat Noir:::Ladybug and Cat Noir voted Couple of the Year?
Ladybug:::They share more than just their love of justice? What the heck is going on?!
Glaciator::: This is proof that my ice cream is right! You two are made for each other like chocolate and strawberries!
Ladybug:::This is baloney! All of these photos are taken out of context! We were fighting supervillains!This one is me breaking Cat Noir out of Dark Cupid's spell,and this one... we can't even remember this one cause the villain erased our memories!
Glaciator::: Of course, it's always the supervillain's fault. But the mind forgets and the heart remembers! 
Cat Noir::: Maybe he's right, m'lady. After all, he's still André, the Sweethearts' Ice Cream Maker!
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, not now! 
Cat Noir:::Hey, maybe if we kiss again, our memories would come back!
Ladybug:::Ugh, enough! Why don't you take a little cat nap?!And as for you, you big two-legged ice cream cone, hand over that akumatized scooper right now! 
Ladybug:::Lucky Charm! A fire extinguisher. Okay. Add this thing, and that one...
Glaciator:::No!
Ladybug:::Time to de-evilize! Miraculous Ladybug!
André::: This doesn't make sense. My ice cream is never wrong! Ladybug and Cat Noir are made for each other!
Ladybug:::I guess ice cream, just like tabloids, can be wrong sometimes. 
Cat Noir::: I guess I'm not your favorite cat at the moment, am I?Can I take you to a movie to make up for it? Or how about a restaurant to celebrate our nomination as Couple of the Year?
Ladybug:::We're not Couple of the Year, we're not a couple at all!
Cat Noir::: Sorry! Sorry! I didn't mean to make you so mad.I get it. You're sick of me. I might sound like a broken record expressing my affection for you over and over. I know I should stop but... I can't help it, you know? I have so many feelings welled up in this heart, and I don't know how to control them.
Ladybug:::I know your heart's in the right place and that you don't mean any harm but—
Cat Noir:::You're right. You shouldn't have to put up with this. I'll stop. I don't know how yet, but I'll figure it out. I promise.
Ladybug:::I'm counting on you.
Cat Noir:::I'll see you later. 
Cat Noir:::Claws in. 
Adrien::: Ladybug's right, Plagg. I don't have the right to force my feelings on her. This has to change. I have to change! 
Alya::: You can't do this to me!
Marinette:::I said, all the photos of Cat Noir and me together!
Alya::: What about freedom of the press?
Marinette::: Sorry, but I need your help with this one.
Nadja Chamack:::Shockwave! Just as Ladybug and Cat Noir have been voted France's Favorite Couple, all images showing the two of them together have disappeared from the Ladyblog, the number one source of information about the Parisians' superheroes. Are Ladybug and Cat Noir no longer an item?
Marinette:::We're never an ITEM!
Nadja Chamack:::To talk about it with us, here's—
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Get into position! 
Mr. D'Argencourt::: En garde, prêt, allez! 
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Attaque, touche. Point.
Kagami::: Me defeating you all the time is normal. But just anyone defeating you worries me. If you have a problem, let me help you.
Adrien:::No one can help me, Kagami.
Adrien:::Can you stop here, please?
Shadow Moth::: I feel a devastating disappointment,a sense of guilt!Adrien?Reverse morphosis! 
Gabriel::: Your job is to drive Adrien back home immediately after his fencing class. Go get him! Now! 
Marinette::: I don't call that a monetizing informational space, sir, I call it visual pollution!How much would it cost to get that poster removed?That much?? Can I pay in thirty-five hundred installments?Adrien?Uh— Yeah, but um... go ahead and leave the poster there. Bye! Love ya— Uh— I mean, goodbye!Tikki! Adrien is sad! Operation: Bye-bye, Blues is a go!!
Marinette:::A present for Adrien's name day, for the mock final exam of the year, in case he ever gets a cast... quick! We got to get to the park before he leaves!
Tikki:::Is it this one?
Marinette:::Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Adrien::: Marinette?
Marinette::: Oh, Adrien! Fancy seeing you here! And you look so sad, that's good! I mean, no, of course, it's not. It's sad that you're sad but I just happen to be at shopping, and have with me by an incredible coincidence the perfect thing to bring back your smile. So, umm... gift! 
Adrien::: Oh, uh, thanks!Wow! I've always dreamed of having a hamster! How did you know they were my favorite animal? You read my heart like no one can, Marinette.
Marinette::: It's... It's 'cause I love you, Adrien.
Adrien:::In that case, you must know what my heart wants more than anything right now.
Marinette::: No, what?
Adrien::: A hamster wheel!
Marinette::: No! This one is just in case they bring back the film or... oh— where— nothing.This wasn't the perfect gift at all!
Adrien::: That's a shame. A cool gift like that could be useful.
Marinette::: It's not cool or useful! The garbage can is the perfect place for useless stuff that you can just forget about.
Adrien:::The garbage can, right.I have to go. Bye, Marinette. 
Marinette:::I've messed everything up again!
Gabriel::: I'd like to speak to you, Adrien.
Adrien:::As you wish, Father.
Gabriel::: Umm, is everything alright?
Adrien:::Yes, Father.
Gabriel::: Good.Adrien, since your mother disappeared, I... must've been distant, but...
Adrien::: I don't blame you, Father.
Gabriel::: I want you to know that, if you needed to, you could... talk to me. 
Adrien::: If I needed to, Father, I would. 
Plagg::: Wow! Your father actually said three whole sentences! All those warm feelings, enough to melt a wheel of raclette! Oh, raclette cheese! What a great idea!
Adrien:::I don't wanna be like my father, tied to a memory of something that can never be again! Plagg, claws out!
Kagami::: I'm worried about Adrien. His sword has lost its edge.
Marinette::: His what? 
Kagami::: Since you're both so weak, I mean sensitive, you understand him best and could him be happy again.
Marinette::: I'm not weak— 
Kagami::: You must hurry and declare your love for him, so that the flow of your kind words waters the sharpening stone that's his heart again. And that way, Adrien will get his edge back.
Marinette::: I didn't get a th— 
Kagami::: The problem is that your technique to get Adrien to fall for you is terrible. The art of attraction is like combat, and to win in combat you need training. You are Tori, the attacker, so you need Uke, the defender.
Marinette::: Tori? Uke?
Kagami::: You need to find someone you have no feelings for. That way you can practice your attraction techniques with that person without your emotions getting in the way.
Marinette::: Isn't that a little weird?
Kagami::: Weirder than what you usually do? It's a proven technique. Very, even books written about it.
Marinette::: But what if... the person I'm practicing on falls for me? Since I don't feel the same way, couldn't there be awful consequences?
Kagami::: That's why you must be sure that the person you pick has zero chance of falling for you. I'm counting on you.
Marinette::: But who can I find to do this weird Tori-Uke thingamajig with?
Tikki::: I can play Adrien if you want!
Marinette::: That's sweet of you, Tikki! I may be imaginative, but I think I'll need at least a human on this one.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!Claws in! 
Plagg:::Have mercy! You know I love cheese, but even I'm starting to get sick of it!
Adrien::: We must cataclysm all traces of my love for Ladybug! 
Plagg::: All of them?
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Marinette::: No... nope... no, that'd be way too weird. Ugh, it's impossible! I'll never be able to find anyone to practice on!Oh! Cat Noir! He's the perfect choice! There's no way he has any feelings for me— well, for the other me, yes, but not for the real me me!
Tikki::: Isn't it kind of strange that he's out here all alone when nobody has been akumatized?
Marinette::: Aw, cat on a rooftop, what could be more normal? Hide, Tikki!
Marinette::: Cat Noir!
Marinette::: Here, kitty, kitty!
Cat Noir::: Marinette Dupain-Cheng, is everything okay?
Marinette::: Yeah, perfect timing, actually! I need a Boyfriend.
Cat Noir::: A Boyfriend? Oh, no no no! I'm done with all that lovey-dovey stuff! I'm not in love with anyone, and don't plan it on anytime soon.
Marinette::: Then, that's perfect! Exactly what I need. See, I have a problem with my Boyfriend, who's not my boyfriend yet, because I can't talk to him about how I feel, so I need someone to play my crush, who for sure doesn't have a crush on me, and you'd be perfect for the role since there's no way you'd fall for me, since you don't love anyone!
Cat Noir::: No one, exactly! And I mean no one! But, uh, I still don't get it. You need me to do what exactly?
Marinette::: To play my Boyfriend who's not my boyfriend yet! And I'll play the girlfriend, but the girlfriend who does things right, who doesn't mess up everything she says. Know what I mean?
Cat Noir::: Uh, not much more than before?
Marinette::: Great! Let's do this then.You sit there, and I'll come in.Dear Cat Noir, ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whenever I see you, they make me melt until the slightest thought has reduced to droplets! Those suns are only three little words, but they're burning my lips! Please soothe me, Cat Noir, and tell me that you love me as much as I love you—
Cat Noir::: Uh, Marinette? Sorry, I'm really flattered, but, like I told you, I'm not in love with anyone.
Marinette::: Of course! I'm not talking to you! This is for the Boyfriend who's not really my boyfriend yet!
Cat Noir::: Ah, got it! But since you said Cat Noir, I thought you were actually talking to me.
Marinette::: Oh, right, shoot!
Cat Noir::: Well, what's your Boyfriend's name?
Marinette::: Uh— that's private...
Cat Noir:::That's not gonna make things any easier.
Marinette::: Okay... Buttercup.
Cat Noir:::His name is Buttercup?
Marinette::: Of course, that's not his real name, it's a code name! Come on, start over.Dear Buttercup, ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my—
Marinette::: Come on, would you please concentrate? This is serious!
Cat Noir::: Sorry! It's the Buttercup name. 
Marinette::: Dear Buttercup, ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whe—
Marinette::: What's with the face? Are you hurting or something?
Cat Noir::: Uhh, I'm being serious.
Marinette::: Uh, well, okay, that's not being helpful at all. Be serious, but not serious like you're trying to solve a math problem.
Marinette:::Dear Buttercup, ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my—
Cat Noir::: I'm sorry, Marinette, but what face am I supposed to make then?
Marinette:::Who cares!?
Cat Noir::: I don't know, you're the one who was saying—
Marinette::: I know! It doesn't matter how you feel right now, I'm the one training here! Just act like you're a little interested in me! It's good to be interested in other people now and then, you know? Always me, me, me!Let's start over.
Marinette:::Dear Buttercup!! Ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whenever I see you, they—
Cat Noir::: Woah, that's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me!
Marinette::: But I hardly said anything!
Cat Noir::: I know, but the way you open your mouth was just so moving, it was like the skies after the storm, like a rainbow sweeping my heart!
Marinette::: You're overdoing it.
Cat Noir::: You think?
Marinette::: Yes. Really. 
Marinette:::Dear Buttercup! Ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whenever I see you—What is it now!?
Cat Noir::: Uh, well, if you don't mind me saying, now it sounds like you're mad at me instead of in love with me.
Marinette:::I'm not mad! I'm declaring my love to you, isn't it obvious?
Cat Noir::: Let's just say it could be more obvious.
Marinette::: Alright, since you're so good at this, show me how it's done. I'll be you, and you'll be me. Come on. 
Cat Noir::: Dear Buttercup, ever since I met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whenever I see you, they make me melt until the slightest thought has reduced to droplets! Those suns are only three little words, but they're burning my lips! Please soothe me, Buttercup, and tell me that you love me as much as I love you!
Marinette:::Wait a minute, do I sound that corny when I'm saying it?
Cat Noir::: I'm just performing, you know? I'm not here to judge the wording.
Marinette::: Oh man, this is awful! I'll never be able to do this.
Cat Noir::: Boy, you sure like to take the hard route. You put too much pressure on yourself. Of course, you'll be able to do it. I know, let's take a short break, just to air our heads out.
Cat Noir and Marinette::: Movie?
Marinette::: Is there a problem?
Cat Noir::: Well, actually, I always travel by stick, I don't have change for a ticket.
Bus driver::: This one's on me, Cat Noir! You've saved us so many times, it's the least I can do.
Cat Noir::: Thanks! I me-owe you one!
Bus driver::: You're welcome!
Commuter::: Bravo, Cat Noir, bravo!
Cat Noir::: What movies are playing?
Marinette::: Little Love Notes. We're trying to think of something else, so no romantic comedies. Captain Supreme: the Ultimate Duel?
Cat Noir::: Could we possibly avoid films about superheroes?
Marinette::: Got it. What about Sharktank vs. Mechatiger?
Cat Noir::: With a title like that, I think we should be safe!
Mechatiger:::Sharktank, don't die! I've always loved you!
Sharktank:::Me too, Mechatiger, but it's impossible! We're sworn enemies!
Cat Noir::: But they don't even have mouths! How are they supposed to kiss?
Marinette::: Uh, it's been written in advance, so everything's planned out. But in real life, you have no idea how it's gonna go. Just because you tell someone you love them doesn't mean the other will love you back just like that!
Cat Noir::: Tell me about it. If only love could be so easy.
Marinette::: That's why it's so scary to tell someone you love them. Even saving the world seems easy comparing to it. Well, I suppose it is. I mean, just look at you! When you have to save the world with Ladybug, you just bulldoze ahead, you don't think about it! A couple of jokes, and bam! Cataclysm, Lucky Charm, Miraculous Ladybug! And everything's back to normal. Easy as pie.
Cat Noir::: Yeah, that's the short version, but it sounds about right.
Marinette::: But telling someone you love them? If it doesn't work out, it's your heart that gets cataclysm-ed, and no Miraculous Ladybug can repair that. That's why I never get anywhere with Boys. When things are really important to me, I get so scared that it won't work out that I can't help trying to control every possible outcome! I tell myself stories with wedding dresses, and hamsters, and what people see is not Marinette opening her heart up. It's Marinette talking about some ridiculous nonsense she's made up.
Cat Noir::: I like hamsters, too.
Audience::: And I like to watch the movie in peace and quiet!
Marinette::: You have an umbrella option in your stick?
Cat Noir::: Well, yeah! Cats don't like water.It's funny, you know? I'm kind of the opposite of you. I know that Ladybug is not in love with me, but I can't help telling her how I feel. I wish I could fall in love with someone else, but I can't. She's just so incredible! I'm so afraid I'm not the good person I thought I was, and now I've gone too far and she hates me.
Marinette:::She doesn't hate you.
Cat Noir::: She threw me in the trash today.
Marinette::: You're a good cat. I'm sure you'll figure out what to do.
André:::But it can't be! Ladybug and Cat Noir are supposed to be made for each other. I've lost my connection with my ice cream! I don't understand what it's trying to tell me anymore!
Shadow Moth::: Akumatization is like ice cream; once you've tasted it, you'll always come back for more!Fly away, my evil akuma, and bring me back two scoops of despair!
Cat Noir::: Thanks for flying Cat Noir Airways. We hope you'll be fe-lying again soon.
Marinette:::Thanks! That was nice.
Cat Noir::: My pleasure.
Cat Noir::: Oh, wait! Your training!
Marinette::: Oh, shoot! I forgot about that!
Cat Noir::: Quick! Back into position. You can totally do it this time! I just know it!
Marinette::: Dear—
Glaciator::: Ladybug and Cat Noir are the ones who should be in love, not you two! My ice cream never lies!
Cat Noir::: Again?
Marinette::: No, no, no! We're not in love, it's just practice!
Cat Noir::: Stay here. 
Tikki::: Glaciator re-akumatized? But that's impossible! You gave André a magical charm earlier, didn't you?
Marinette::: Oh, no! I was so annoyed with that whole Couple of the Year thing that I totally forgot to give it to him! Tikki, spots on! 
Cat Noir::: Nice to see you again, my... dear friend whom I respect and for whom I have no other feelings than true platonic friendship.
Ladybug::: Are you making fun of me?
Cat Noir::: Not at all! I'm... just getting my bearings.
Ladybug::: car drops in front of them)
Cat Noir::: Oh, yeah! That lucky charm really revs my engine!
Ladybug::: Okay! Take the wheel. I got a plan.
Glaciator::: There you are! You think you can escape me like that?
Glaciator:::I'm Glaciator, the mean ice-cream man, and I am your number 1 fan!
Cat Noir:::That's enough! We're just friends!
Ladybug::: Okay. Let's go!Pass me the wheel.
Glaciator::: You think you can escape me by attaching me to you?
Cat Noir::: Where are we going with this—? I mean, not the two of us. Just... where are we going, like, a direction?
Ladybug::: I got it. We're heading to the Gare du Nord. We'll stay in touch.Cat Noir, now! 
Ladybug:::You know what to do. Come back as soon as you're ready!
Cat Noir::: Drive safe.Ready, m'lady! Uh, do you mind me calling you m'lady? 
Ladybug::: No, that's okay.It's not that complicated, you know? If I tell you that something's annoying, you stop doing it, that's all!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug!!I forgot to give this to you last time. Keep it on your cart with you. It should protect you in the future.
André::: Thank you, Ladybug! 
Ladybug::: I knew you could do it! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Cat Noir::: Oh! I just remembered. I gotta hurry. I've got something I need to finish. 
Ladybug::: I better hurry, too.
Cat Noir::: This time's the one. You'll see! 
Marinette::: Ever since I've met you, I've had three suns in my heart. They shine so brightly that whenever I see you... 
Cat Noir::: That was a good start. What's wrong?
Marinette::: What's wrong is that this is not really me.The first time I saw you, I misjudged you. I thought you were conceited and superficial. But then, I got to know you. I saw who you really were deep down—someone sweet, sincere, and generous. Since then, there's something I've been wanting to tell you. But every time I try, it's like my brain suddenly freezes. But now, I think I'm ready. I love you.
Cat Noir::: Your declaration was beautiful, Marinette. The Boy you're in love with is a lucky guy.
Marinette::: Thanks! The girl who falls in love with you will be lucky, too.
Tom:::Marinette?
Marinette::: My dad!
Tom:::Marinette?
Marinette::: Coming, Dad!
Marinette::: Hey! What's going—
Kagami::: Did you do what I told you to?
Marinette::: Uh— kind of? I mean, not yet.
Kagami::: Good. I was worried, 'cause that's a very risky technique. When you start practicing with a Boy, you could fall in love with him, and then you might run away together to a desert island where you might get attacked by zombie carnivorous plants.
Marinette:::What?
Kagami:::And I haven't even finished Volume 3 yet. But I think it gets even worse later.
Marinette::: Hang on. You've been giving me advice that you got from a manga?
Kagami::: From The Robinsons of the Catastrophe. Why shouldn't I?
Marinette:::Kagami, Kagami, Kagami. You really need to spend more time with me and the gang. 
Plagg::: I thought you've given up with Ladybug?
Adrien::: Marinette opened my eyes. The thing is, I'm always doing my Cat Noir act with her. Maybe if I were my true self with Ladybug, she'd fall in love with me.
