Rose:::Miss Bustier, may I go to the nurse's office? Miss Heady is back.
Miss Bustier::: Well we can't let Miss Heady unattended. Marinette, would you please accompany Rose to the nurse's office?Marinette?
Marinette:::Wah! Yes, of course. 
Marinette::: So who's this Miss Heady? An imaginary friend like Unicorn Lilly you had in sixth grade?
Rose:::No, uh, Heady is just a nickname I have for my headache when she pays me a little visit. That'll teach me to leave the house without Mr. Brekkie.Wakie Wakie, I'm Mr. Brekkie, the big breakfast to keep you healthy!
Marinette:::I love how you see the world through rose-colored glasses. And come back as soon as you can. Say hi to Sissy for me!
Rose::: Sissy?
Marinette:::Nurse Sissy's office!
Rose:::Don't worry Marinette. Sissy never keeps me long. 
Marinette:::Everything's okay, Rose just missed breakfast is all. 
Marinette:::Juleka, if you skip Mr. Mealy, your big, tasty energy packed lunch, Heady might pay you a visit too!
Marinette::: Juleka! Uh, I was just trying to make a joke! Uh, no, Juleka!
Marinette::: Juleka!
Shadow Moth::: Oh, how well I know that feeling of loneliness. The intense anxiety that no one else can share. And that only an akuma can ease.Fly, and evilize that lonely heart!
Marinette::: Juleka!Uh!Oh, excuse you Adrien, I didn't mean to crush on you- uh, I mean, crash into you!Ugh, Marinette, this is no time for nonsense!I'm looking for Juleka, she ran out the cafeteria in tears, and...
Adrien::: Maybe she's in there. 
Marinette::: Aaah!
Adrien::: Oh! 
Marinette:::Uh, sorry! I'm just so lovesick- I mean, uh- worried sick for Juleka. That's why I'm so flustered and clumsy and...oh, I'm such a fool! I don't know if I said something to upset her earlier.
Adrien::: The things you say don't always make a lot of sense, Marinette, but they're never mean. There's got to be some other reason. Come on, let's find her.
Adrien:::Stay back, and not a sound, okay? I'll handle it.Juleka? Is everything okay?
Juleka:::I just want to be alone.
Adrien::: You want to be alone, I understand. 
Alya::: It's okay!
Nino::: They found Juleka!
Mylène::: She's in the boiler room.
All::: The boiler room?!
Marinette::: I'm so sorry. I really am the worst class rep ever. But I don't get it, did I say something that upset you? 
Juleka::: It's not you, it's Rose... 
Marinette::: What do you mean Rose?
Juleka:::I'm worried about her...
Marinette::: Uh, no. Don't worry, she's fine. She's just resting in the nurse's office. Juleka, you know you can tell us anything. We're your friends, I promise we won't tell anyone else.
Marinette::: Rose... isn't in the nurse's office..?
Everyone::: She's in the hospital?!
Juleka:::Yes, she is...
Alya::: Why is she in the hospital? 
Juleka::: She got sick when she was a little girl...
Mylène::: She was sick when she was little?
Ivan::: But it's over now, right?
Juleka::: It can come back anytime...
Alix::: It can come back anytime?
Nino::: But she's always so cheerful! We would have never guessed...
Juleka::: She made me promise not to tell you guys...
Marinette:::Oh, she made you promise not to tell us.
Juleka::: Please don't tell her I said anything about it..
Adrien::: Don't worry Juleka, we're not going to treat her differently or anything like that.
Marinette::: Rose will never know that you told us.
Markov::: I'm reprogramming my conversational software as we speak in order to avoid any future reference to this unfortunate anecdote.
Kim::: Even if I get bitten by a zombie-dolphin, who takes control of my brain, I won't say a thing.Never ever.
Adrien::: Don't feel bad about telling us, Juleka. You hung on to that secret as long as you could, but it was just too heavy to bear alone.
Juleka:::Thank you.
Marinette::: That's what friends are for.
Adrien::: Rose trusts you and you can trust us. We won't say anything, but now we see what you're going through. And we can help you if you need.
Shadow Moth::: Impossible! How could such an abyss of loneliness and despair simply vanish?! 
Rose:::Good morning!I told you everything was alright. 
Adrien::: Hi Juleka! Hi Rose!
Juleka & Rose::: Hi!
Marinette::: Hi there, girls!
Juleka & Rose::: Hi!
Marinette::: Oh!I love you, Rose! I don't say it enough.
Rose::: I.. I love you too, Marinette.
Mylène::: Rose, you're our sunshine here at school.
Markov::: The student population's good mood rises 95 percent in your presence.
Max:::Correct, Markov.
Nino::: You're the soundtrack that puts the happy into our mixtape of life.
Rose::: You guys mean so much to me too. And you're right, we never say it to each other enough. Oh, what an awesome way to start the day. 
Rose::: Thank you, but it's not that heavy, you know.
Kim::: Uhh.. carrying your bags helps me build my muscles.
Rose:::Thank you.
Marinette::: These chairs are so uncomfortable.But I decided to make one of these for everyone and lucky you, you just happen to be the first one to get one.
Rose::: Uhm.. Thank you?
Markov::: Don't worry. I shall transcribe all the classes for you this year, so you no longer tire yourself.
Rose::: Thank you, but I actually like writing my own notes for class.
Marinette::: Oh, you guys can go ahead of me.
Kim::: Let Rose through. Everyone out of the way and let Rose through.Uh, because it would make me very happy?
Rose::: I get the feeling you need to tell me something. Am I right? 
Juleka::: Um.... 
Rose::: Come with me.
Juleka:::I told them about you...
Rose::: You.. told them?... Oh no.. they'll never act normal around me ever again! 
Rose::: No, Jule. this is all my fault. I should never have told you my secret. I make you worry about me all of the time. 
Rose::: Hey. You know what? No big deal. I'm going to take care of this I should have told them all about it a long time ago. I'll just explain everything and it'll all go back to the way it was.
Max::: We were worried! You've been in there, four minutes and 47 seconds when people usually spend an average of three minutes and 24 seconds in the bathroom.
Ivan::: Well, I was about to tear the door off its hinges.
Kim::: I was ready to dive in and save you.
Rose::: I see how worried I've made you. Please forgive me, if I never told you about my illness before now, it's because it's not my problems that matter but the way I get through them that counts. And how do I get through them each day?
Marinette::: By giving them all cute little nicknames. 
Alya::: By always being supreme. 
Ivan::: By always singing, just a bit too loud. 
Rose::: Exactly. And I always want to be that Rose, I don't want you to see me any differently. I want you to just be my friends who laugh and have a great time with me. Not ones who carry my book, bag or embroidered cushions or worry every time I go to the bathroom.I don't want you to feel sorry for me because no one is happier than I am. Okay?
Marinette::: No more embroidered cushions I promise.
Kim::: No more book-bag muscle building.
Alix::: And no more extraneous displays of affection.
Rose::: Oh well, I kind of like the display of affection. 
Rose::: See, I told you everything would be all right.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Today, we're going to study viruses, germs, bacteria, and all the terrible illnesses that are caused by them.
Marinette:::Quick! Call her parents, hurry up!Put these on. 
Alya:::I can't get hold of her parents!
Marinette::: Nino, call an ambulance! 
Adrien:::Marinette?
Marinette::: Alix, call the fire department!
Nino::: They're not answering!
Rose:::STOP IT! 
Rose:::You guys promised. 
Juleka::: I'm sorry...
Rose::: Oh no... Juleka, wait!
Shadow Moth::: Even stronger than a painful secret and more painful than the anguish of solitude, is the guilt of the girl who betrayed her dearest friend. It digs a bottomless pit into her heart. Fly away my little akuma and take this amok with you! 
Rose::: Juleka.Juleka, I'm sorry. This is all my fault. Open up.
Marinette:::This is all my fault. I'm so sorry.
Juleka::: Everyone feels guilty because of me. 
Rose::: Oh no, Juleka. No one feels guilty because of you.
Rose::: Juleka! Juleka, talk to me! Juleka!
Shadow Moth::: Reflekta, I am Shadow Moth. Why let yourself be eaten up by such intense feelings of guilt, when you can turn them against all of those who didn't keep their words?
Rose::: Jule, please resist. Don't listen to him!
Rose::: Hang on, I'll be right back! 
Shadow Moth::: Your sentimonster,Guiltrip, is perfect. All who have broken promises and are ruining your friend's life will take the guilt trip of a lifetime.
Reflekta::: The first to plead guilty, is me.
Shadow Moth:::No! Wait!
Rose::: Juleka is about to be transformed into a villain. Somebody help!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: I am a science teacher, not a superhero. Everyone just remain seated and... 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! 
Alya::: What on earth is that?
Kim::: I'll save you! 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Everybody back to class! 
Rose::: Don't worry Juleka! I'm going to save you! 
Ladybug::: Hang on! We're gonna get you somewhere safe!
Rose::: My friend Juleka is in there and I'm not gonna leave her all alone! 
Ladybug::: No!Looks like we're gonna do a little cave exploration, hang on tight. 
Ladybug::: The airflow is too strong! I can't hold back anymore!
Shadow Moth::: Yes! Ladybug, Cat Noir, you just go headfirst into my trap and you'll never escape from it! Your Miraculous are mine!
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Ahhhhhhhhhhh! 
Cat Noir::: Wow, it's way cooler in here than on the outside.
Ladybug::: I don't know. I have a strange feeling.
Cat Noir::: Look out! 
Cat Noir::: It's like being inside a giant pinball machine.
Ladybug::: Yeah. But I think it's in multi-ball mode.
Ivan:::Everyone got captured because of me. Everyone got captured because of me.
Cat Noir::: What's wrong with him?
Ivan::: Everyone got captured because of me. 
Cat Noir::: Is it me or did he just turn into Reflekta?
Ladybug::: She must have been re-akumatized by Shadow Moth. And that thing...
Cat Noir::: ...is her sentimonster!
Ladybug::: We've got to find out where Reflekta is hiding, she must be the one controlling it. Stay on your guard.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: I never should have let them leave the classroom. I never should have let them leave the classroom. 
Ladybug::: The sentimonster is contaminating everyone with these purple balls.
Cat Noir::: It's not gonna be easy finding the real Reflekta with everyone looking like her.
Kim:::If only I had worn my competition swimsuit, I would have been faster.
Mylène:::I never should have let go of Ivan's hand.
Ladybug::: They all look the same, but they still have their own voices.
Nino:::I can't even help my best bud face up to his old man...
Cat Noir:::Oh, Nino...This is all our fault.If we've been able to stop Shadow Moth, the students wouldn't be caught in this trap.
Ladybug::: Oh no, this can't be happening! Not now!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm. 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, no! We could turn into Reflekta and frozen like the rest of them, Shadow Moth will help himself to our Miraculous!
Cat Noir::: We should just give him our Miraculous.
Ladybug::: You're right, kitty cat. How could I ever believe that the two of us could take on such a powerful sentimonster by ourselves?
Rose:::Ladybug, Cat Noir, you guys are totally the best! I knew you'd come to save us!I'm sorry you had to come. It's all my fault, I'm not a good friend. I should have never told Juleka my secrets.
Rose:::No, I must not be like that. Yes, I'm glad I did! That's what made us closer and stronger!Yes!
Ladybug:::Of course, she's fighting her negative thoughts with positive thinking! That's what stops her from turning into Reflekta! We have to do the same. Cat Noir you can do this, you have to think positive, you're the greatest partner anyone could have!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, do you really mean that?
Ladybug::: Yes, I probably don't tell you this enough, but I couldn't do this without you. And it'd be a lot less fun too.
Cat Noir::: Why, that's a meowvulous thing to say!And you're just about purr-fect yourself, m'lady.
Ladybug:::Nice to have you back, kitty cat.
Cat Noir:::You really think that we'll be able to get out of this one huh?
Ladybug::: Of course don't forget that I still have my.. Lucky Charm! 
Ladybug::: Oh yeah, an ice axe of course, an ice axe to uh... 
Cat Noir::: You don't know what to do with it? 
Ladybug::: Of course I do. I'm just keeping you in suspense.
Cat Noir:::I could try using my cataclysm, but sending a sentimonster out of control when you're inside the sentimonster... probably isn't the best idea, huh?
Ladybug::: Nope, it's not.All this negativity is messing with my brain, ugh!
Rose:::Go Ladybug! Go Cat Noir! You're the best! You're gonna save my friend Juleka, because I totally believe in you.
Ladybug::: Yes, but we need more positivity to do that.And I know just the person who can help us.
Ladybug::: Rose Lavillant, here is the Miraculous of the Pig, which grants the power of jubilation. You will use it for the greater good.
Rose::: Wow, it's so.. beautiful. 
Rose & Daizzi::: Wow, you're so cute!
Rose::: What's your name? 
Daizzi::: My name's Daizzi, and I'm your kwami. 
Ladybug::: They'll give you your powers. You just have to recite these words: Daizzi, Rejoice.
Rose::: Daizzi, Rejoice!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, may I introduce- um?
Pigella:::Pigella!
Cat Noir:::Wow! Looks like you found a solution, m'lady.
Ladybug::: I told you, think positive.
Cat Noir::: I can't wait to see our new friend in action. 
Ladybug::: Come on, let's go.
Reflekta::: Because of me, everyone feels guilty. Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylène. Because of me, everyone feels guilty. Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylène. Because of me, everyone feels guilty. 
Ladybug::: Juleka!
Reflekta::: Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylène.
Reflekta::: Because of me, everyone feels guilty. Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylène. Because of me, everyone feels guilty. Rose, Marinette, Adrien, Ivan, Mylène.
Pigella:::Gift! 
Cat Noir::: Uh... that's her superpower?
Ladybug::: Pigella's power shows the person it affects their heart's greatest desire.
Pigella::: A normal day in class where everyone just acts normal to Rose. That's it! That's Juleka's greatest wish!
Cat Noir::: Wow, impressive! 
Pigella::: The power of positivity.
Ladybug::: We don't always need a spectacular fight to succeed.
Ladybug::: Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly.
Juleka:::Uhh, what happened?
Pigella::: Everything's all right now, Juleka. I'm Pigella, and Ladybug and Cat Noir and I have come to save you. Oh?
Cat Noir::: Uh, the sentimonster and its buddies don't seem very happy.
Ladybug::: Reflekta isn't here anymore to control them. Quick, where's the object the amok went into? You know, Shadow Moth's feather?
Juleka::: In the trash...
Cat Noir::: You threw it in the trash?! 
Ivan::: You can tell yourself all the lies you want! 
Alya::: You can never escape the bottomless pit of your guilt! 
Pigella::: Yes you can!You just gotta change the music!
Cat Noir::: Great job, Pigella! 
Pigella::: It's not the problems that matter but how you get though them that counts!
Ladybug::: We've gotta get out of here fast!The wind is too strong, we won't get out this way! 
Cat Noir::: I guess we're all out of luck!
Ladybug::: Luck? Of course! That's what this is for!
Ladybug::: Got it!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye, little feather. 
Shadow Moth::: You may have won the day with your positivity this time, but you can count on me to fill the rest of your days with negativity, sooner than you know. 
Ladybug, Cat Noir and Pigella::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: Juleka, this is a Magical Charm. It'll protect you from becoming a victim of Shadow Moth ever again.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Rose::: Juleka!Thank you, Ladybug! Thank you for saving Juleka!
Cat Noir::: Aren't you gonna go and hide with her to get your Miraculous back m'lady?
Ladybug::: She already did. 
Cat Noir::: That girl is truly incredible!
Ladybug::: She never needed a Miraculous to be a superhero.
Marinette::: I'm taking my present back, you'll just have to wait until your birthday like everyone else.Oh come on, guys, she's not made out of glass.
Rose:::Oh no, I'm gonna pass out from laughter so someone take me to the nurse's office!
Chloé::: Hey, how come you never laugh when I say something mean?
Adrien::: Because you actually mean it. 
Chloé:::Hmph. True.
Rose::: It feels great to have you back, guys. Please, don't ever change.
