Marinette::: Experiencing loss is a part of life; some people lose their first love...
Marinette::: Some lose the harmony in their relationship...
André::: The decorations are spot on aren't they Audrey dear?
Audrey::: They're ridiculous, utterly ridiculous! They're fired!
Marinette::: Some people lose hope...
Marinette::: Others lose patience...
Cat Noir::: Oh by the way I didn't tell you did I? I have a girlfriend. 
Ladybug:::Really? That's so awesome.
Cat Noir:::No it's not awesome at all. I just said that to make you jealous.
Ladybug::: I can't be in love with you Cat Noir, you know that.
Cat Noir::: Yeah yeah I get it..but it still hurts. 
Marinette::: While others lose their soul...
Nathalie::: 
Marinette::: Some lose their certainties... 
Adrien::: 
Plagg:::Ahyou finally realized that there's more than just one type of cheese in this world.
Marinette::: And some have nothing to lose...
Luka:::That's it! I got it!Gotta go, enjoy your meal. 
Marinette::: Yes, Dad I do know where the Grand Paris Hotel is. Me! Late? I'm never late! Okay yeah sure but this time I won't be late, promise.Luka! What are you doing here?
Luka::: I've been thinking of you actually, and I'm pretty sure I found your melody at last. A tune that matches you completely. Wanna hear it?What do you think?
Marinette::: Wow it's- it's incredible!
Luka::: Mm, it's still not quite right. I can do better. I'm gonna work on it some more.
Marinette:::Yeah Dad, I'm on my way. Sorry I- I gotta go. 
Marinette::: Thanks Luka! 
Luka:::I'll find the perfect tune for your song.
Gabriel:::Audrey and André, on this most solemn day, in celebration of your 20th wedding anniversary.I am delighted to offer this magnificent gift, I personally designed, especially for you. 
Chloé:::Hi!
Gabriel:::My dearest Mr. And Mrs. Bourgeois, I hereby present you the Gabriel Couple Cloak, a symbol of eternal love and bonds of marriage.
Audrey::: Ow! You're stepping on my feet!
André:::Thank you Gabriel, it's uh.. it's..
Audrey::: Hideous! On you! Ugh utterly hideous! You wearing it is an insult to this piece of art. 
Tom:::Over here!
Marinette:::Ahh!
Adrien:::We're not leaving, we're just gonna help a friend out over at the buffet.
Marinette:::Aw, thanks guys, but I don't want you to miss the ceremony because of me.
Adrien::: Are you kidding, we can't wait to get away. 
Kagami::: It's a good thing you're as clumsy as they are boring.
Sabine:::Marinette, could you get rid of the empty trays for us, please?
Adrien::: Can we help you?Pleeease?
Marinette::: Alright.
Tom::: Oh, and before you head back home, could you bring us some drink umbrellas? They're in the kitchen, thanks. 
André:::I'm sure you'd all like to know the secret behind our long-lasting marriage, and well, the secret is-
Audrey::: Distance! Come on give me that! 
André::: Darling, it's supposed to be a cloak for couples. 
Audrey::: Don't be ridiculous, give me that! 
Gabriel::: Nooroo, dark wings rise!
Adrien::: Haha, touché! I didn't feel a thing!
Kagami::: Alright! Straight to the heart!
Tomoe::: The children haven't returned. Where have they gone? 
Bodyguard::: 
Audrey::: Stop embarrassing me and the whole world- 
Adrien:::Take that!
Marinette:::Heyare you looking for something? 
Adrien::: Thanks, Marinette.
Marinette::: Kay I.. better get going. I have to take these umbrellas back to my-
Adrien::: No wait!
Kagami::: Please escape with us.
Marinette::: What? 
Bodyguard::: 
Kagami:::Being disobedient is really entertaining.I've never had so much fun in my life!
Marinette::: Are you kidding? 
Kagami::: No. Why? 
Marinette::: No reason.
Adrien:::You should have seen your face, Kagami! 
Marinette:::Hey!
Adrien:::Wow! It's the first time I've seen you with your hair down.
Kagami:::You should see your face, Marinette. 
Nathalie:::Phase two is in place sir.
Hawk Moth::: Perfect. The ultimate battle of the Miraculous may begin.
Audrey::: You're so ridiculous! Everything here is ridiculous. I'm going back to New York! Ugh! 
André::: I'd be more than happy to book you a seat on the next flight myself this time! 
Hawk Moth::: Love stories don't always have a happy ending.They bring out so many uncontrollable emotions. Isn't that right, my pretty akuma?Fly away and evilize their scarred hearts!
Kagami:::Your hair looks beautiful. 
Adrien:::She's right.
André and Audrey:::I hate you!
Hawk Moth::: Heart Hunter, I am Hawk Moth. So you no longer believe in love? Well, I'm giving you the power to destroy it! And wherever it is, whatever it's for, devour it! All I ask in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. Now feast on love!
André and Audrey::: It makes my mouth water just thinking of it. 
Chloé::: Daddy? Mom?!
André Heart Hunter::: Haha! I am the most powerful of all the super villains. 
Audrey Heart Hunter::: No, I am! You're just super annoying.Ugh, they're so in love. 
Chloé::: Oh, my bee signal! I've got to let Ladybug know.
André Heart Hunter::: Chloé, my princess!
Audrey Heart Hunter::: You're going to give us all your love.
Chloé::: Nah-uh, sorry. No way, I don't love anyone. 
André Heart Hunter::: Of course you do, darling.
Audrey Heart Hunter::: You love yourself. 
Jagged::: Hey hold up, heartbreakers, I'm not in a relationship, okay.
Audrey and André Heart Hunter::: True, but you do love music, your fans and that.
Nathalie::: 
Nathalie::: Duusu, spread my feathers!
Chloé:::My bee signal! Who did this? 
Mayura::: Everything is going as planned, Hawk Moth. 
Adrien::: I think we're far enough away now.
Marinette::: Aren't you going to get in trouble with your parents?
Adrien::: It's not every day we can escape from everything they expect of us. 
Kagami::: What should we do now? 
Adrien::: Hey! Let's get some ice cream from André!
Marinette:::André is a sweethearts' ice cream maker. The legend says that whoever shares his ice cream together will be in love forever. 
Kagami:::I don't believe in those kinds of myths, but I do believe in ice cream. 
André::: Which flavors for these two? Kagami and Adrien Orange and peppermint, a perfect pairing that's always a success; nothing can turn it into a mess. And for you two Adrien and Marinette blackberry and peppermint, an explosive mix that's a fact but often times it's the opposites that attract. Orange and blackberry, quite unusual it's true not the most obvious but it works for you two. So what will it be? 
Kagami::: You pick. I don't really get what he's saying anyway.
Adrien::: Yeah, you pick, Marinette. We trust you.
Marinette::: Can't you find a blend for the three of us? 
André::: I can, but too many flavors mixed together may throw off the delicate balance.
Marinette::: I don't know. Blackberry and peppermint doesn't seem like a great pair. And what if the mint finds the blackberry lame and wants to be with the orange instead? And it's true that orange and peppermint are awesome together and well orange and blackberry just doesn't seem like they go together.Look I think your first idea was the best. The orange and peppermint ice cream for.. for my friends here.
Kagami::: We'll go with you. 
Marinette::: No no, don't bother. Enjoy your ice cream.Seriously.
Adrien:::Where's Marinette? 
Kagami::: She left. 
Officer Roger:::Stop in the name of the law-ah!
André Heart Hunter::: This love of the city is so delectable.
Audrey Heart Hunter::: And these lovebirds, what a treat!
Marinette:::Time to transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Heh! 
Mayura::: 
Hawk Moth:::I wish I didn't have to involve you in this.
Mayura:::I want to be here. I want to help you. 
André Heart Hunter::: I cannot wait, Ladybug.
Hawk Moth::: There she is.
André Heart Hunter::: You love everyone.You're going to make a great dinner!
Audrey Heart Hunter::: And for dessert, the cat! I'm sure he's very tasty. 
Hawk Moth::: It's always the same. Whenever she's backed up against a wall, Ladybug engages others to fight by her side. I'm convinced that the Guardian of the Miraculous is who she seeks every time.
Ladybug:::Where are you Cat Noir?
Ladybug:::Okay. 
Lucky Charm Sequence Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug:::A token to the merry-go-round? Hmm. 
Chloé::: Yoo-hoo!Bring me my Miraculous, Ladybug! I'm waiting for you!
Ladybug:::Mayura!Bye bye little bird.Focus, Ladybug, focus!
Ladybug::: Master Fu, I need your help! 
Master Fu:::This costume is very cute, miss, but is it really fitting in this place?
Ladybug:::I forgot to transform back.I haven't been followed Master, I'm sure of it.
Master Fu::: Hmm,Ladybug, if you'd like to have a turn on the merry-go-round, please pick your favorite horse. Once the mission is over you will retrieve the Miraculous and return it back to me.
Ladybug::: 
Chloé::: Bring me my Miraculous Ladybug! I'm waiting for you!
Ladybug::: 
Master Fu::: The Dragon? Are you sure? 
Ladybug::: Uh, yes, I'm certain. 
Hawk Moth::: My dear Guardian,what a pleasure it is to finally meet you.
Kagami::: I'm honored that you've chosen me Ladybug, but I thought you couldn't give me this Miraculous again since Hawk Moth knows my identity.
Ladybug::: There's no time. I needyour exceptional talent.
Adrien::: Plagg, Claws out!
Ladybug:::Don't look at me. I have to transform back. My kwami needs to refuel.Spots off!
Marinette:::I hope I didn't interrupt anything with... that Boy.
Kagami:::You did turn up a little... unexpectedly.
Longg::: I'm honored to see you again, Kagami-San. We're about to accomplish great things together!
Kagami::: Honor is mine, Longg-Sama.
Marinette::: The Boy's famous, isn't he? You're bound to break a lot of hearts.
Kagami::: There's only one person I don't want to hurt. Marinette. She's the only other friend I have. But Adrien and I are made for each other. We're so alike,I can't give him up, even for the sake of friendship.
Marinette::: Sometimes choices can be so hard.
Kagami::: We have a mission to do. Longg, bring the storm! 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! 
Hawk Moth::: You're powerless against me, old man. And Ladybug isn't here to protect you. Tell me the secret identities of Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Master Fu::: Never!
Hawk Moth::: Then help me get their Miraculous and I won't harm you.
Master Fu::: You're not getting anything from me! Wayzz-
Wayzz::: It's too dangerous, Master! You're too old for this...
Master Fu::: Shell on! 
Hawk Moth::: Very impressive.
Jade Turtle::: Shell-ter!
Hawk Moth::: You're on borrowed time, you crazy old man. I'll just wait for you to transform back.
Jade Turtle::: My powers are no more time sensitive than yours. Obviously you haven't learned anything about the Miraculous, Hawk Moth.
Hawk Moth::: I've learned enough to defeat you. The end of superheroes has come!
Jade Turtle::: You talk a lot, but you haven't achieved much so far.
Hawk Moth:::Your defeat will be my greatest achievement!
Chloé:::What about me?! You were supposed to give me a Miraculous! This is ridiculous, utterly ridiculous! They're my parents, you know. So I should be the one to save them!
Cat Noir:::Ladybug, how nice of you to bring a guest! Ryuko, as amazing and daring as I remember!
Ryuko::: Nice to see you again too, Cat Noir.
Ladybug:::Is this one of your try to make me jealous moves again? 
Audrey Heart Hunter::: This Cat is very much in love! 
Ryuko::: Wind Dragon!
Cat Noir:::Thank you, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Not calling me Milady anymore? 
Cat Noir:::Huh? Of course I... Wait a second. Are you jealous of Ryuko right now?
Ladybug:::Of course not! Pfft!
Chloé::: 
Hawk Moth::: Chloé Bourgeois, rejections hurt!Your talents deserve to be recognized! Ladybug and Cat Noir's reign has gone on long enough. It's time for Paris to have a new queen, and the Queen Bee on my chessboard is you.
Chloé::: You've akumatized my parents! If I had my Miraculous I'd-
Hawk Moth:::You're right, but I did it for one reason only. So that you would finally realize that Ladybug will never give you the Bee Miraculous again. I, however, always keep my promises. 
Chloé::: This isn't real! How do you have it? 
Hawk Moth::: Try it and see for yourself. You're Ladybug's greatest fan. You've helped her, you've trusted her, and what has she done for you in return? 
Chloé:::Nothing! She couldn't care less about me! I'm done with her. She's irrelevant, utterly irrelevant!I want you to deakumatize has my parents first! 
Hawk Moth::: Whatever you say, my queen. 
Pollen:::Your majesty, wait!-
Chloé::: Silence! You will speak only when spoken to. Your loss, Ladybug. Pollen, buzz on! 
Lucky Charm Sequence Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, give me your belt and Cataclysm that street lamp. Ryuko, go left and- 
Hawk Moth::: 
Ladybug::: 
Cat Noir:::Uh, was I dreaming, or did Heart Hunter just get deakumatized all by itself?
Ladybug::: Why would Hawk Moth do that? I'll ask Master Fu.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Hawk Moth::: See I kept my word, your parents are free and now I can use a new akuma to make your powers even stronger, my queen.Miracle Queen, I'm giving you the power to reign over Paris and command your very own army of superheroes, all I ask for in return is-
Queen Bee:::Cat Noir and Ladybug's Miraculous, you shall have them. As soon as I crush those heroes. 
Ryuko::: Longg, open sky! 
Master Fu:::I'm not here right now, please, leave a message.
Tikki::: Don't worry, Marinette. Master Fu is very wise. If anything's happened he'd know what to do.
Marinette::: But Tikki, if anything's happened to him it's because of me.
Adrien::: Kagami!Is everything okay? What happened with Ladybug?
Kagami::: She took me away to...protect us. Because the monster she was battling against was attacking..people in love.
Adrien:::People in love? 
Luka:::Are you okay, Marinette?
Marinette:::Yeah I'm fine.Actually no, I'm not fine at all.I'm so tired Luka,of all these responsibilities, of having to put up a front all the time!of never being able to be who I truly am.
Luka:::It's alright Marinette. You can tell me everything, or... nothing if you prefer. You can be yourself with me you know,just yourself.
