Mireille:::Hey, buddies. As you know, Friendship Day is officially here.
Aurore:::Today, hundreds of amazing new friendships will be created all over Paris. Right, Mireille?
Mireille:::You got it, Aurore. Once again, buddies, this year you and your secret new friend, picked at random, will go on an exciting adventure across Paris, searching for a hidden celebrity.
Aurore:::And this time, our celebrity is none other than the muse of Gabriel brand: the one and only Adrien Agreste!
Adrien:::Hello.
Marinette::: Hello~ Ah!Oh no! What- what if they didn't get my sign up text just like last year? What if I don't get to take part in the game?
Alya::: Not gonna happen, because, last year, you didn't have your amazing BFF to make sure everything was gonna be fine. 
Marinette:::Thanks, Alya. 
Rose:::Here we go! It's starting!
Mireille:::Let me recap the rules for our buddies here. When Adrien pushes this button, thousands of text messages will be simultaneously sent all across Paris. In the message, each of you will find a first riddle to solve, which will eventually lead you to your new friend. Then, together you'll attempt to solve more riddles, which, if done correctly, will lead you straight to Adrien.
Adrien:::Right here, in this super secret location, where I'll be waiting for the lucky winners. Ready?
Adrien, Aurore & Mireille::: Three, two, one, GO! 
Alya:::I'm the highest heart of the city. Ah, the Sacré-Cœur, of course! Good luck, girls! 
Rose::: Where animals live nearby dinosaurs. Oh! The zoo at the Jardin des Plantes near the paleontology museum. Oh, this is so much fun!
Alix::: Once home of royalty, now home of art. The Louvre museum! Aha, victory!
Juleka::: 
Marinette::: With one turn of a handle, I can raise the level? What evil mind came up with this one?
Kagami::: It's no use, Mother. I am not worthy of fighting against you.
Tomoe::: Remember the story of the female samurai warrior, Tomoe Gozen? In a time when women warriors were so few and rarely accepted, do you think she gave up? Perching on her steed, wielding her naginata, she fought her way to recognition. As elusive as the wind, as powerful as the flood, as swift as lightning.What was that?
Voice message::: Congratulations. You've just received the first riddle.
Kagami::: It's a game.
Tomoe::: That you signed up for without my permission?
Kagami::: No, Mother. This must be a mistake.
Tomoe::: Tatsu, door.
Tatsu::: Welcome, Ms. Tsurugi. 
Kagami::: You know, Mother, Adrien Agreste is participating in this… game.
Tomoe::: Gabriel has many admirable qualities, but this only goes to prove that even he is flawed by being too permissive with his son. In some ways, he is more blind than I am.Tatsu, to the Grand Palais.
Tatsu::: Very well, Ms. Tsurugi. 
Aurore::: Thank you so much for your participation, Adrien. Now all we need to do is wait for the first new couple of friends. 
Tomoe::: Tatsu, take Kagami back to our home. I will return in two hours. 
Kagami::: Alright. Two hours.Let's play.
Voice message::: Congratulations! You've just received the first riddle.
Kagami::: With one turn of a handle, I can raise the level. Ha, child's play. Tatsu, take me to Canal Saint-Martin.
Tatsu::: Voice recognition failed.
Voice recording of Tomoe::: Tatsu.
Kagami::: Take me to Canal Saint-Martin.
Tatsu::: Very well, Ms. Tsurugi.
Marinette::: Here we are! With one turn of a handle, I can raise the level. Ta-da! It's Canal Saint-Martin. The water rises when the locks are opened with the handle.
Tikki::: Very clever, Marinette!
Marinette::: Now let's keep our eyes peeled. Hopefully my new friend is here somewhere.Oh no!
Tikki::: What is it? A supervillain?
Marinette::: Worse, Tikki. Kagami? My new friend? No way! She's brilliant, strong, cute.
Tikki::: And?
Marinette::: And she's got a huge crush on Adrien! They're already fencing partners, their parents are friends, so if we win, she gets all the credit and she'll wind up being his girlfriend for sure! There's no way I'm doing this with her. Nope. Nu-uh. Not doin' it! Uh-uh!
Kagami:::She's so weird. Okay, fate has placed her in my path. I have to succeed. If I fail with Adrien's quirky friend, I'll never pull it off.
Tikki::: Marinette, this isn't fair to Kagami. If you won't be her friend, she won't be able to play.
Marinette::: Yeah, right. She's so smart, I'm sure she'd figure a way around it. Probably even do it twice as fast by herself. In fact, I bet I'd just slow her down if I went.Of course! You're right, Tikki! If I stick with her, I can make us lose. And then Adrien would never see Kagami win and they'll never fall in love.
Tikki::: Uh, come to think of it, perhaps it would be better for you not to go.
Marinette::: Hide, Tikki! The game is on!Kagami! Woah! This must be fate! I mean, what were the odds of you and I being paired up? One in ten million at least. Right? So awesome! 
Kagami::: You didn't look too happy about being my secret friend, though. I saw you turn around and walk away just now.
Marinette:::I-I actually thought I'd, um, gotten the place wrong. I totally hadn't seen you yet. No way! Really, I'm super excited to play the game with you. 
Voice message::: Congratulations! You've just located your game partner. And who knows? Maybe even a new friend for life. You've just received the second riddle!
Marinette::: To get closer to your goal, you must explore further and deeper. I know! We have to take the train at Gare du Nord station, leave Paris, and head straight to England.
Kagami::: No. Explore further and deeper means we have to go further down the banks of the Seine, which is deeper than this canal. We'll probably have to fish for our new clue. Come on, Marinette. Let's hurry up and win.
Alya:::Hey girl! I sure hope your partner's as cool as mine; meet Wayhem! You'd better hurry up if you wanna get to Adrien before we do, 'cause we've already solved our first riddle!
Marinette:::I'm with Kagami, can you believe this? Go for the win, 'cause there's no way I'm gonna let us find Adrien as long as I'm with her. 
Kagami::: Look, we were right. We have to fish up the next clue using this rod and magnet. Here.Now fish.
Kagami::: Probably not the clue. 
Kagami::: Do you prefer to be called by your whole name, or a nickname? 
Marinette::: Uh– by… my… whole name…? 
Kagami::: Thank you, Marinette. Uh– Your hair is… very shiny. 
Marinette:::Ehm… thank you…?Your hair is not… too bad, either…
Kagami:::What is your blood type? 
Marinette::: My blood type? I don't… know… Are you messing with me?
Kagami::: No, not at all. Everyone in Japan knows their blood type. It tells you who you are. Mine is O, which means I'm independent, optimistic, strong-willed and intuitive.
Kagami::: What's your favourite season? 
Marinette::: Summer, 'cause it's nice and hot. Or spring,'cause that's when nature awakens. Or maybe the fall; the colours are so gorgeous that time of the year. But then again; winter inspires me so much.
Kagami::: You're indecisive, scatterbrained, irresponsible. You have a split personality: typical AB.Let's say you found out about some special chocolate ice cream; you really want to try it, but someone else gets there first. Do you, A, steal it from them? B, get another type of chocolate ice cream, even if it's not as good? Or, C, never eat chocolate ice cream ever again? 
Marinette::: Uh– I guess I'd try another flavor?
Kagami::: Hmm…Would you like to get some orange juice with me?
Marinette::: Sure… It'd be a lot more fun than this boring treasure hunt.
Kagami:::The clue. You've done a great job fishing.Congratulations, Marinette. First we win, then we get orange juice to celebrate.
Kagami::: Trust challenge. Exchange unlocked phones. Separate and take a selfie in front of different monuments using each other's phones. Then regroup and take a selfie together like the true friends you've become. Once we've received the selfies, we'll send you a final text revealing where Adrien Agreste is hiding.You really are an indecisive girl.We'll meet back here; we're going to win!
Tikki::: What are you doing?
Marinette::: Nothing.
Tikki:::She placed her trust in you when she gave you her phone.
Marinette::: But she kept looking at it the whole time. Don't you wanna know why? For all we know she could've been chatting with Adrien, texting him, who knows what else?
Tikki::: Marinette, no!
Marinette:::Huh–? Zero messages except the ones from the contest.And there's only one number in her list of contacts:her mom's . She doesn't even have Adrien's number?What's this app? Oh shoot! So this is what Kagami was looking at the whole time.
Tikki::: Learning tips for making friends.
Marinette::: That explains everything. Her strange behavior, her weird questions.
Tikki::: Kagami was just trying to be your friend.
Marinette::: I feel so bad. Oh no! She's got my phone. If she sneaks a peak, she'll see the messages Alya and I were sending each other.
Tikki::: Do all humans really sneak through other people's things?You better run!
Alya:::I can't believe you're stuck with Kagami. Hang in there, girl, and don't worry, I'm sure you'll figure out a way to lose. Catch you later!
Hawk Moth::: How tragic it is to feel unloved. Alone, deprived of friendship.Fly away, my little Akuma, and evilise her!
Kagami::: I guess I'm not worthy of our friendship; our blood types must be too incompatible.
Marinette:::Hello?
Tomoe::: Kagami, where are you? You were supposed to wait for me at home.
Marinette::: Uhh– Hello ma'am, I'm not Kagami, actually.
Tomoe::: Who are you?! Where's my daughter?!
Marinette::: Kagami! I'm a friend of Kagami's, I'm right here with her. I'll put her on the phone.
Tomoe::: Kagami doesn't have any friends. Why do you have her phone?
Marinette:::Oh I can assure you, ma'am, I am a friend of Kagami's. We've been teamed up together for a game.
Tomoe::: A game?! But I forbade her to!
Marinette::: A game? Did I say game? Oh no, I meant a grab… to grab– I invited Kagami over to grab some orange juice with me. She'll be back home soon, I promise.I'll even walk her home myself.
Hawk Moth:::One negative emotion is disappearing. But another is forming quickly. I can feel the anger of a mother whose authority has been challenged. Go, my Akuma, and seek out this new prey.
Tomoe::: Stop fooling around, young lady, and put my daughter through. I can assure you she will not be enjoying any glasses of– 
Hawk Moth:::Ikari Gozen, I am Hawk Moth.
Marinette::: Ma'am, please don't punish your daughter. Ma'am? Hello?
Tomoe:::With pleasure, Hawk Moth.
Marinette::: I'm sorry, I really did try to smooth things over but I think your mom's super-duper angry now and will be looking for you. I actually think you might wanna hide someplace where she won't find you.
Ikari Gozen::: Kagami!You disobeyed me! You will never go out again! 
Kagami::: Nooo! Mother! 
Marinette::: I was completely wrong about Kagami.
Tikki::: It's never too late to make things right, Marinette.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Wha–!
Alarm voice::: Akuma alert. Akuma alert. We ask all visitors to kindly evacuate the palace very calmly. Thank you.
Adrien::: We have a new mission.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ikari Gozen::: You'll never catch me! I'm Ikari Gozen. As elusive as the wind, as powerful as the flood, as swift as lightning! 
Cat Noir::: I see you've already made a new buddy for friendship day, m'lady.
Ladybug::: Yeah, no, I don't think she likes me all that much. We're coming, Kagami.
Cat Noir::: Kagami?
Ladybug::: Our new friend here has imprisoned her own daughter as a punishment. cinema ticket drops in her hands)
Cat Noir::: You really think it's time to invite me to the cinema?
Ladybug::: Sorry, kitty, only got one ticket, I'll come back soon.
Cat Noir::: At least bring me back some popcorn!
Marinette::: Hello, I'd like to see this movie, please.
Master Fu::: Excellent choice, Marinette!
Marinette::: Master Fu?!
Master Fu::: I had to find a cover now that Hawk Moth knows my identity. Besides, I love the movies.Marinette Dupain-Cheng, pick an ally you can trust right alongside you on this mission. Choose wisely; such powers are meant to serve the greater good.
Marinette::: As elusive as the wind, as powerful as the flood, as swift as lightning… Yeah!I hope you enjoy the show, master.
Ladybug::: The Akuma's probably hiding inside her bokken.
Cat Noir::: In order to use my Cataclysm, we gotta bring her guard down, first.
Ladybug::: We just need to be as elusive as the wind, or as powerful as the flood. Lucky Charm! 
Cat Noir::: A box of bath bombs?
Cat Noir::: You really think it's time to take a bath?
Ladybug::: Not me. Kagami is gonna use it. Get ready, kitty.So, Ikari Gozen, how would you like to become friends?
Ikari Gozen::: I don't need a friend!
Ladybug::: Can't say I'm surprised. You're going about it all wrong if you ask me. 
Longg::: Greetings, young lady and good day to you. Fear not, I am Longg, the Dragon Kwami.
Kagami::: You're a what?
Longg::: A Kwa-mi.
Ladybug::: I hope it works.
Cat Noir::: The sooner, the better, too.
Longg::: Allow me to tell you about the many feats that a magic being like myself will help you accomplish once the magic words have been spoken.Ladybug has hopes that you will defeat Ikari Gozen with panache, using the element of your choosing. Wind, water or lightning. But firstly, let me tell you about her plan.
Kagami::: Longg, bring the storm! 
Longg::: Wait! No! Not yet!
Ryuko::: Wind dragon!See, Mother? I can be as elusive as wind! Thank you for the Miraculous, Ladybug. Nice to meet you, Cat Noir. I am Ryuko.
Ladybug::: What are you doing? This wasn't the plan!
Ryuko::: What plan?
Hawk Moth:::Ikari Gozen, Ladybug has helped your daughter escape by giving her a Miraculous. I don't know how she did it, but I want her Miraculous, too!
Ikari Gozen::: Kagami! You've disobeyed me yet again! And this time with the complicity of these so-called heroes. You are all going to pay!
Ladybug::: Ryuko, the plan! Surely Longg must have told you about the plan?!
Ryuko::: No, stay behind with Cat Noir. This is a personal matter between a mother and a daughter.
Cat Noir::: Watch out! 
Ryuko::: No!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm! 
Hawk Moth:::What a masterful move, Ikari Gozen. Now, in just a few minutes, Cat Noir will transform back and his Miraculous will be mine!
Ryuko::: I behaved hastily. I failed. I am not worthy to fight beside you.
Ladybug::: You made a mistake, as I do every day, but that's not a reason to give up fighting. You're the only one who can help me, that's why I chose you. But we must work together as a team. We don't have much time left: here's the plan.
Cat Noir:::Hurry up before I transform back!
Ryuko::: You were right, Mother, I still have a lot to learn.
Ikari Gozen::: You're starting to have some sense. That's good. 
Ryuko:::Hold your breath. Aim at the bokken.
Cat Noir::: Wow, you're a fast learner.
Ryuko::: I have good teachers. Water dragon! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilise!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Tomoe::: What's happened to me? Where is Kagami?
Ryuko::: Your daughter is nearby, ma'am. She'll be here soon. 
All Three::: Pound it!
Ryuko:::Longg, open sky! 
Ladybug::: I have to tell you that I won't be able to give you this Miraculous again.
Kagami::: I know, I wasn't good enough.
Ladybug::: Quite the opposite.
Kagami::: Huh?
Ladybug::: You learnt fast, but Hawk Moth knows who you are now and keeping one's true identity secret is a very important rule amongst superheroes. Without it, you and everyone you love will become endangered. Your family, your friends.
Kagami::: I don't have many friends.
Ladybug::: It's not important to have lots of friends. What matters is that the ones you have are true friends. Bug out!
Kagami::: I'm sorry I wasn't truthful with you, Mother. But, I really wanted to try and make a friend.
Tomoe::: You already have Adrien.
Kagami::: It's not the same.
Tomoe::: I understand that you want to make friends, but friendships can prove disappointing sometimes.Be home in time for dinner. 
Kagami::: The game is over. We lost. 
Marinette::: No, we won the right to get orange juice together. If you still want to, that is. Nothing can stop us now.
Kagami::: I was wrong about you, Marinette. I'm glad this game randomly put us together. Now I understand why Adrien considers you a good friend.
Marinette::: Oh– uh– did he tell you that… I mean… that we're friends?By the way, I've been thinking about this blood type thing. Isn't that a bit like the Zodiac thing? What's your sign?
Kagami::: Dragon.
Marinette::: No way!I'm snake , do they go well together?
Kagami::: Actually, I don't really believe in that stuff.
Marinette::: Me neither, but you know what, I'm glad we're friends.
