Marinette::: You'll see Tikki. I'll say it just fine.Welcome to my home. My name is Marinette.
Translator App::: 欢迎来到我的家，我的名字叫马里内特。
Marinette:::No, that's not right. 
Tikki::: Good job Marinette!
Marinette::: I'm so nervous! Do you think he'll like them? 
Tikki::: Well of course! They're fine!
Marinette::: They can't be fine, they have to be perfect! My Mom's uncle is a super famous Chinese chef. He's very particular, so things have to be just right.That's him! Hide, Tikki. 
Wang Cheng::: 你好 .
Marinette::: Uh, welcome Mari you're at Nette's. Uh ah, welcome to Marinette's! You're Chinese! No no no no! In Mandarin!Ugh, no wait. 
Marinette:::Welcome to my home. My name is Marinette. Ugh, this is so lame.
Translator App:::欢迎来到我家。我的名字叫马里内特。哎，这个真差劲。哎，这个真差劲。哎，这个-... 
Marinette:::Alya, you've gotta help me. I don't know what to do with my mom's uncle. You know, the one I told you about? Well, I don't think I can pull this off... 
Alya::: Chill out Marinette, I got the solution. Just hang tight. 
Marinette:::Thank you! You're amazing. What solution? Huh? Aw...
Adrien::: Hey Marinette!
Marinette::: ADRIEN!? What in the—uh—what are you—
Adrien::: Alya called me. She said you needed someone who speaks Chinese? Well, here I am! Translator at your service. 
Marinette::: No! I mean, yes! Uh, where's Alya?Uh, hehe!
Adrien:::郑师傅，这是你第一次来巴黎吗？
Wang Cheng:::不，我三十年曾经来过这里;你说一口流利的中国话。 
Adrien:::谢谢，郑师傅。
Wang Cheng::: Oh, my English very bad. Not like your Chinese.
Adrien::: I thought you couldn't speak English.
Marinette::: Uh, me too.
Wang Cheng::: Oh, no, not good. My English not good.
Alec::: Since our World's Greatest Chef contest kicked off, the best culinary masters from around the globe have been blowing our minds with their gastronomic creations.
André::: Cheng Shifu, I am delighted and honored to have you on our final show, where you will have the chance to defeat all of the chefs who have competed thus far.
Alec::: Only one will be awarded the title of World's Greatest Chef. The winner's dish will become the new Mayor's Special on the Grand Paris's menu!Tell us Cheng Shifu, what dish will you be honoring our panel with today? 
Adrien:::你将交给上的菜 
Wang Cheng::: My dish is: Celestial soup.
Alec::: Wow! I've heard so much about your legendary Celestial Soup, but today we'll actually get to taste it! 
Adrien::: Would you like me to come with you, Cheng Shifu?
Wang Cheng::: No thank you Adrien. Cooking needs no words. 
Marinette::: Thanks, Adrien. I'm totally sorry for bothering you for nothing. I really thought he couldn't speak English.
Adrien::: No problem Marinette. It was awesome to be able to practice my Chinese, especially with a Shifu.
Marinette::: A Shifu?
Adrien::: That means Master in Chinese. Your Mom's Uncle is a great master!
Chloé:::Oh look who it is! My favorite person, Marinette Dupain-Cheng. I mean, seriously? Does your great-uncle really expect to win the contest with a SOUP!? It's not even a main dish! Please! Doesn't he know how to make sushi like everyone else?
Adrien::: Japanese people make sushi, Chloé. Cheng Shifu is Chinese!
Marinette::: Besides, he's not like everyone else. My Great Uncle is the best chef in the world. His soup is legendary!
Chloé::: Well, I despise soup.
Marinette::: So what?
Chloé::: Didn't you know? I'm on the jury. Your uncle will not be getting my vote, for sure.
Marinette::: Oh yeah? Well, he doesn't need your vote to win! There are other judges with much better taste than yours.
Chloé::: Ugh!
Marinette::: Huh, silly me, you don't have any taste! I mean, look at what you're wearing.
Chloé::: Ew! Don't talk about me like that.You've made a big mistake.
Adrien:::Wow, you really stood up for Cheng Shifu. He would've appreciated that.
Marinette::: I'm not sure. I don't think he likes me.
Adrien::: Oh no, you're wrong.
Marinette::: No, I swear! He even ripped up the bouquet I gave him.
Adrien::: Cheng Shifu isn't just a chef, Marinettehe's an artist! He told me he was gonna put flowers in his Celestial Soup. He said he improvises on faithful things that come his way. The flowers he mentioned must be the ones you gave him!
Marinette::: So... you think he actually likes me?
Adrien:::Totally! He's shown you great respect in his own special way. 
Chloé:::Mr. Cheng, Marinette's looking for you outside.Let's see of the other judges enjoy your uncle's soup after this, Marinette Dupain-Cheng.Hmm? Hmph. 
Wang Cheng::: Marinette wasn't there—
Chloé::: No speak Japanese. See ya. 
Alec::: As usual, our panel of gourmets is made up of André Bourgeois, the mayor of Paris and owner of this luxury hotel, his daughter Chloé, representing the younger generation, hot rockstar Jagged and his killer crocodile Fang, and finally, the divine head chef of this very hotel, Marlena Césaire, and yours trulyAlec!It's time to determine the fate of Cheng Shifu's famous Celestial Soup. Let's get tasting!
Alec:::What IS this!? 
Mayor Bourgeois::: Uh, I don't think this soup would fare well with our guests! I'll give it a 3/10.
Chloé::: Seeing as it's pretty unappetizing, maybe I'll pass on the tasting, but I'll still give it a zero!
Jagged::: Ech! It's like kissing a member from the Zombeats! Negative zero.
Marlena::: I'm sorry, but it's inedible. I give it 1/10.
Wang Cheng::: Uh... I...Uch! I don't understand, I never put these ingredients in. It's a mistake. Someone sabotaged soup!
Alec::: I'm sorry, Cheng Shifu, but I'm giving you a zero, too, which brings your score to 0.8/10the lowest so far. Celestial Soup will therefore not be in the hotel's menu this year, and you will not be named World's Greatest Chef!
Marinette::: This isn't right, and I'm certain Chloé's got something to do with it.
Adrien::: I'd like to say you're wrong, but I know her only too well.
Marinette::: Uncle Cheng? I'm sure it's not your fault. In fact, I know it's not. I'm pretty sure Chloé's behind this. It was actually because of me. I provoked her, and—
Wang Cheng::: Shame is on Celestial Soup. I shall never be World's Greatest Chef!
Marinette::: No! Uncle Cheng!
Adrien::: It's horrible to lose face in China. We'll wait for him downstairs.
Marinette::: Mhm. 
Hawk Moth:::A great artist was wronged today. I can feel it. I can hear his heart screaming for revenge.Fly away my little akuma, and evilize him! Victory never tasted so good! Mwahahahaha! 
Wang Cheng:::Marinette was right. It was evil act by that brat! No respect for Cheng Shifu! 
Hawk Moth::: Kung Food, I am Hawk Moth. Those who tasted your soup will become your servants. Everyone who wronged you will pay dearly.
Wang Cheng::: I will show I am greatest chef in the world! 
Alec::: Ooohhh, uhh...
Jagged::: Ohh, my guts are killing me.Nrgg!
Mayor Bourgeois:::I'm feeling quite uncomfortable...
Kung Food::: Bwahaha! You have eaten my soup, you become my servants! Nyehehahaha! 
Alec::: At your command, master.
Kung Food:::Grab the girl. 
Chloé:::Yeah, well, I was wondering if you would like to come—Uh wh—w-wait! Calm down now. I'm Mayor Bourgeois' daughter, remember? Ugh! Daddy!? 
Kung Food::: Kung Food will make new soup called Brat Soup!
Chloé:::But I don't like soup!
Kung Food::: Eheheheh... 
Hawk Moth::: Haha! Perfect! It won't be long before Ladybug and Cat Noir show up to meet their doom! Mwahahaha!
Cameraman:::Get out! Hurry! Get out while you still can!
Kung Food:::Not polite to leave table without permission. Cut off all exits!) 
Adrien:::Eh! 
Marinette::: What's that?
Adrien::: Caramel?Mmm. It might taste good but it's totally indestructible. Looks like we're trapped inside.
Marinette::: My Great Uncle is still upstairs!
Adrien::: Don't worry, I'll find him.
Marinette::: Thanks. I'll... look for a way out of here...
Kung Food:::You want to taste Kung Food's soup. Everybody become my servants, and Kung Food become World's Greatest Chef! Hahahaha!
Marinette::: Uncle? 
Marinette::: I never should have riled up Chloé! I've gotta save my Uncle! 
Tikki::: You'll do it Marinette! I'm sure you will!
Marinette::: Mhm mhm!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Adrien::: Time to transform!
Plagg::: You didn't happen to pick up a little piece of Camembert during all this cooking chaos, did you?
Adrien::: Cheese after the main meal.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Ladybug! I don't know about you, m'lady, but I'm a bit hungry.
Ladybug::: Let's go eat then. Shall we?
Kung Food:::Who are those two?
Hawk Moth:::They are Ladybug and Cat Noir. They've come to stop you from completing your soup. You must add them to your recipe!
Kung Food::: Surprise ingredients? Hah! Delicious!You! Go capture them!
Jagged::: Yes, Master Kung Food. 
Kung Food::: Brat Soup even more powerful with superhero flavor.
Chloé::: I will not eat your soup!
Kung Food::: Foolish girl. You are not eating soup, you ARE soup!
Chloé::: Someone help! Let me down!
Kung Food::: Don't worry, you will be let down soon enough. Hahahaha!
Cat Noir:::Ugh! It's jammed!
Kung Food::: 
Jagged::: Seafood appetizers.
Ladybug::: Jagged!
Cat Noir::: Seafood? This scampi happening. Let's see if you can carry a tuna!
Ladybug::: Look out! 
Cat Noir::: That's not very rock and roll of you, Jagged.
Jagged::: Rock is one thing, soup is another. When I'm done with you, you'll be nothing but minced meat!
Cat Noir:::Good job. 
Ladybug::: There's no time to lose! Chloé might just be the main dish! And we better not wait to find out!
Jagged:::Ugh, get me outta here! Come on, then!
Kung Food::: The soup is going to be Kung Food's masterpiece!
Chloé::: Do you have to tie me up above this foul-smelling liquid! My designer clothes are going to stink of grease!
Kung Food::: Soup not greasy at all! Kung Food soup very well-balanced. Hahahaha! 
Jagged::: Get me out of here! Come on!
Kung Food::: Bad sous chef.You! Do me justice!
Mayor Bourgeois::: Yes, Master. Phew!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, come on. It's just you and me together. We could go places.
Ladybug::: Uh, yeah. Like up.
Cat Noir::: Exactly! We've got nowhere to go but up! 
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Wahhh!
Ladybug::: You spoke too soon!
Cat Noir:::I think the electricity between us short-circuited the elevator.
Ladybug::: You wish. More like us getting ourselves into a sticky situation. 
Mayor Bourgeois::: Royal hotpot with its giant string of smoked sausages! 
Ladybug::: Looks like a food fight is coming our way.
Cat Noir::: I prefer my sausages with mashed potatoes.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Welcome to the world famous Suite 36 of this hotel.
Ladybug::: If we're not careful, we'll be the mashed potatoes!
Mayor Bourgeois::: You're no competition, Ladybug. 
Hawk Moth:::Time to pick up the bill, Kung Food. Grab Cat Noir's Miraculous. His ring. Bring it to me! Do it now!
Ladybug::: You've got the wrong superhero, Bourgeois! I bet you don't know how to do this. 
Mayor Bourgeois::: Really, Ladybug? 
Cat Noir::: Nice work, my lady. Shall we go and find the head chef?
Kung Food:::Pea-brain! Useless! My recipe not perfect without those two!Capture them, and don't mess up or you'll end up in soup, too!
Alec & Marlena::: Yes, master. 
Chloé::: My hair is ruined! Do you know how long it took to style it this morning?
Kung Food::: It won't be a problem soon.
Chloé::: Ladybug, help me!
Kung Food::: Ehehehehe!
Ladybug::: We're almost there.
Cat Noir::: Great. All this fighting has made me hungry!
Kung Food:::Kung Food is generous. No need to choose between cheese and dessert, you get to have both! 
Alec::: Watch the spectacular demonstration of the famous thousand flying cakes!Oh ho! Our guests seem to have a few tricks up their sleeve, but how will they fare against the blinding stinging cheese bombs!
Cat Noir::: Ow, he's right. The cheese really does sting your eyes.
Ladybug::: I think it's about time we got to the second course. 
Kung Food::: Ah, temperature's just right. Time to add main ingredient!
Chloé:::Oh, no no no no noooo! Ah! Ladybug, what took you so long!? Just wait until I tell everyone—
Ladybug:::Oops.
Kung Food::: Oh no! My Brat Soup will be so flavorless.
Ladybug::: I know you're more honorable than this, Cheng Shifu!
Kung Food::: I am not Cheng Shifu, I am Kung Food — the Greatest Chef in the World! And nobody will stop me from finishing my Brat Soup! 
Ladybug::: Get back Chloé! 
Kung Food::: I take care of you two myself! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! The akuma must be in his chef's hat! Try to grab it!
Cat Noir:::Ow! It burns!
Kung Food::: Haha! Like it spicy?
Ladybug::: check dispenser appears.) A... check?
Cat Noir::: And I think it's gonna be a steep one.
Cat Noir::: You're one to talk, Kung Food. You've been trying to defeat us with sausages and cheese! Without any luck, I might add.
Kung Food::: Grr! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, all his weapons come from his bag. Destroy it.
Cat Noir::: Got it. Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: Your days are over little akuma!Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Hawk Moth:::This evil dinner was almost perfect. Revenge is a dish that is best served cold, so watch yourself — I'll be ready to strike again!
Marinette::: Could you teach me how to make Celestial Soup, Cheng Shifu?
Wang Cheng::: With pleasure, Marinette. 
Adrien::: Cooking needs no words.
Chloé:::Seriously? Still making soup? I told you I hate soup! You think the jury is going to approve of this? 
Adrien::: Didn't your father kick you off the jury?
Chloé::: No he didn't! I... er... I... resigned.
Adrien::: I think Cheng Shifu and Marinette have got this covered. Why don't we let the real jury decide?
Chloé::: Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Adrien::: Ahahaha... 
Alec::: Cheng Shifu's delicious Celestial Soup has received the highest marks overall, making you the final winner! 
Mayor Bourgeois:::Ah, and it will soon be the Mayor's Special on the restaurant menu of my prestigious hotel!
Jagged::: Rock n' Roll! I can't wait to get home and write a song about soup!
Wang Cheng::: Thank you, but no longer Celestial Soup. Now called: Marinette Soup.
Marinette::: Huh? 谢谢 !
Wang Cheng::: You're welcome.
Alec:::Come over here and stand alongside your uncle, the World's Greatest Chef!
