Nadja:::This morning, when a temperamental baby became akumatized, our reporter Clara Contard got a first hand of all the action.
Nadja:::Ladybug and her courageous team were there to save the day.
Pegasus:::Voyage!
Pigella:::mother.)
Gigantitan:::Mommy!
Carapace:::Unshield!
Vesperia:::Venom!
Ladybug:::Gotcha! 
Clara:::Thanks, Ladybug!
August's mother:::August! 
Clara:::By the way, where's Cat Noir? You've saved Paris without him quite a few times recently. Are you two at odds with each other?
Carapace, Pegasus, Vesperia and Pigella:::Pound it!
Ladybug:::Of course not, it's just that... umm, he's a partner like any other! The most important is to pick the best superheroes for each mission, with or without Chat Noir. No matter what, we've got a great team and we'll always be here to save Paris.
Adrien:::A partner like any other...
Plagg::: Oh, don't make a big stink about this, Adrien! Look, people always pretend like camembert is just like all the other cheeses, when they know perfectly well that it's the best of all! Especially when we forget where you put it for a few months, and it's all runny and moldy—
Plagg::: Perfect! Now's your chance to show 'em all who's the big cheese on the plate.Camembert, transform! I mean Adrien, transform!
Adrien::: It's useless.
Plagg:::No, it's not! It's useful! Ladybug needs you, come on let's go!
Adrien::: Okay. Plagg, claws out.
Ladybug:::Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug, Ryuko, Polymouse, King Monkey and Purple Tigress::: Pound it!
Ryuko::: Hey, Cat Noir!
Polymouse, King Monkey and Purple Tigress::: Hey!
Cat Noir::: Hey, guys!
King Monkey::: How's it going, dude?
Ladybug::: Come on, guys! Hurry up before you all detransform. I'll meet you at rendezvous points.
Cat Noir::: Hey! Meow are you, m'lady?
Ladybug::: Great, thanks, but I gotta go retrieve all these Miraculous.
Cat Noir::: I could hand you a paw to help save time.
Ladybug::: Thanks, kitty cat, but it's a guardian's job to do it.
Cat Noir::: I know who some of them are, remember? I was there when you first gave them their Miraculous!
Ladybug::: You don't even know where their rendezvous points are, I don't have time to—
Cat Noir::: Playing cat and mouse is my forte, you know—
Ladybug:::If you wanna save me time, stop wasting it in the first place!
Cat Noir::: And take my Miraculous back when you're done! 
Ladybug:::Okay, whatever, see you later!
Cat Noir::: I won't waste your time anymore, I promise. Claws in.
Adrien::: I'm sorry, Plagg.
Plagg::: Woah woah woah, hang on!
Ladybug::: What does he mean take back his Miraculous?
Adrien::: I just can't do this anymore. I give up... on everything. Even you.
Plagg::: You can't do that!
Ladybug:::No, he wouldn't! Don't move, I'll be right back!
Kim::: You mean don't move at all or can I still move a little?
Ladybug:::Cat Noir? Cat Noir?Oh no! Cat Noir...
Ryuko:::Ladybug, we were supposed to be behind the fountain.
Polymouse:::I'm about to detransform. Should I feed my kwami, or will you do that?
Ladybug::: I...Stay in position, I'm on my way! 
Ladybug::: What's gotten into him? I didn't do anything.
Plagg::: Didn't do anything? Well yeah, you did! You've been neglecting a very classy piece of camemebert on your plate for too long! And as a result it got runny, and moldy!
Ladybug::: What? Cat Noir never gave me any camembert.
Plagg::: Of course not, Cat Noir is the camembert! For a while now, you've been neglecting this camembert— I mean Cat Noir, and going on adventures with the all other cheeses!
Ladybug::: But he should be happy about it, it gives him more time off.
Plagg::: Cat Noir doesn't wanna have time off, Ladybug! He is in love with you! And your persistent calling on other heroes has broken his heart.
Ladybug::: I'm really sorry if Cat Noir is hurt, but I'm doing my best as a guardian.
Plagg:::I know. Just... give me the Miraculous. I'll give it back to him, cheer him up, we'll chow down on some grilled mimolette sandwiches and everything will go back to normal.
Ladybug::: It's useless. The problem is that Cat Noir is in love with me. And since I can't do anything about that, I'll keep on breaking his heart over and over again. Maybe Cat Noir is right. We should split.
Plagg::: Woaaah! Not so fast! May I remind you that Cat Noir's a very competent superhero and that your powers complement each other?
Ladybug::: I know I can't do it without a Cat Noir... So I'll just have to choose another one, who won't be in love with me!
Plagg::: Another Cat Noir? What do you mean another Cat Noir?
Ladybug::: I'm going to choose a new Cat Noir myself. One who won't be in love with me. And since I'll know who he is, I can call on him whenever I need him. 
Plagg::: Woah woah woah! You mean you'll know who he is? You'll know his secret identity?
Ladybug::: You're right! I can't do that! If I know who Cat Noir is and Shadow Moth akumatizes me, he'll know where to find Cat Noir and he'll capture both our Miraculous! He'll merge them together and make his wish come true, and then the whole world will turn into whatever he wants!
Plagg::: See? You can't do that, so come on, give me back the Miraculous. I'll just tell him to erase you from his heart, and everything will be fine.
Ladybug::: You really think he's capable of that?
Plagg::: I sure hope so.
Marinette::: I've got it!I meet him anonymously and make sure he's already got a girlfriend and that for real he thinks Ladybug is cool and all, but just like a friend. Then, I mail him the Miraculous and— ah, shoot! I need his address to mail him the Miraculous and his name too!Curse you Cat Noir! This is all your fault!Why do you have to be in love with me, huh? What am I supposed to do now?
Plagg:::And yet she loves my holder.
Tikki:::And he loves Ladybug.
Plagg::: Sugarcube! I know how to fix this and get them back together! But I'm gonna need your help.
Nathalie:::Adrien, you're late for breakfa—Adrien? Are you okay?
Adrien::: I'm fine, Nathalie. I just don't feel like going to school. 
Gabriel::: When is his next photoshoot?
Nathalie::: In three days.
Gabriel::: He will feel better by then. He's an Agreste.
Tikki::: But I can't lie to Marinette!
Plagg::: Who said anything about lying? I'm just asking you to smile and nod!My dear guardian, you cannot continue keeping both the Miraculous of destruction and creation under the same roof. If Shadow Moth ever found that out and came here...
Marinette::: I know that, but I can't figure out how to recruit a new Cat Noir.
Plagg::: Because you can't know his identity, right?
Marinette::: 
Plagg::: Well, dry your eyes! We've found the solution! Tikki's the one who reminded me of it actually.
Marinette::: 
Plagg::: It's true that my owner is fantastic, but there is one other Boy. Master Fu hesitated between the two of them when he was choosing Cat Noir, and Tikki and I liked him even better.He'd make a perfect Cat Noir! And more importantly, he's not in love with you, and I mean not at all!
Marinette::: How can you be sure of that?
Plagg::: Because... it's a kwami power!And, since I can go and present the Miraculous to him myself, you'll never know who he is! That way, you'll have a new Cat Noir, who's not in love with you at all and everything will be perfect!
Marinette:::But... isn't it kind of risky to leave you on your own outside without a holder with your own Miraculous? What if Shadow Moth would capture you?
Plagg::: Shadow Moth doesn't even know that Cat Noir has given his Miraculous back!
Marinette::: We have to agree that this new Cat Noir would be up to the challenge, right? We're spending time together, so I have to be able to get along with him. He'll have to be nice, generous—
Plagg::: Hang on, I'm talking about a top shelf Cat Noir here. Brave but calm, and rational too! As strong as he is intelligent, thoughtful, and trustworthy. I promise you, take the time to get to know him and you'll see he's the Cat Noir of your dreams!
Marinette:::Are you trying to pull one over on me Plagg?
Plagg::: Oh, Sugarcube, tell her! She can trust me, can't she?
Marinette::: Okay then.
Plagg:::I promise you won't regret it!
Adrien::: Plagg?If you're here for your cheese it's over there.
Plagg::: Not at all! I've got a great plan to get us back to-No! My favorite old honey tomme cheese! Mushed into fresh goat cheese... well, we'll deal with that later. I'm just gonna blame this on your recent psychological state. Listen, I have Ladybug believing that I found a perfect new holder for Cat Noir. And this new holder is you!Come on! What do you say to your good old kwami buddy who you thought you'd never see again?Hey, you! Enough with the talking gloomy act! You and me, just like before!
Adrien::: I can't be just like before, Plagg. If I become Cat Noir again, Ladybug will just end up rejecting me, over and over.
Plagg::: I get it. It's hard to be thrown out with the old cheese rinds. But I'm not talking about being the Cat Noir you used to be!You're gonna be the new Cat Noir! Wait until you see how brilliant this is! After all the time I've spent with Ladybug, I know exactly what she's looking for! So you and I are gonna whip up a tailor-made Cat Noir! So perfect that believe me, she'll never forget to call on you for help again!
Adrien:::But as soon as I transform into Cat Noir, she'll know it's me.
Plagg:::Nope! Because when your personality changes, your costume changes too! Up until now, whenever you transform into Cat Noir, you didn't think about it, it was natural. And what came out was this Cat Noir.Not at all what Ladybug wants! But if you focus hard, you can be a completely different Cat Noir!
Adrien::: You really think so?
Plagg::: Of course! Concentrate.
Plagg::: Alright, you're like a little ball of fresh curd, that doesn't know yet, that it can be something more than a camembert! But if you think hard about what you're doing, if you age your crust and choose the right fermentation, you can be any cheese you want.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Cat Noir:::Claws in.
Plagg::: Okay... we've got some work to do.
Plagg:::Serious Cat? A little too direct. Silky Kitten? Hmmm.. too cutzy. Night Whiskers?
Adrien::: That's pretty paw-sitive, isn't it?
Plagg:::What did we say about cat puns?
Adrien:::No more cat puns under any circumstances.
Plagg::: You know how to be serious, like when you're with your father and Nathalie. Just be like that!Mm-hmm. Perfect. And I guarantee that Ladybug will not be able to do it without you.
Plagg::: Kitty Kitty.. Cat of the Night... Citizen Cat... Obscure Kitty... Super Cat... Black Kitty... Feline Kitty... Cat Man... Adrien, I think we finally got it.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug:::This time, no more improvisations. The rules will be clear from the start. I'll be firm with him right away.
Cat Walker:::Good evening, Ladybug. I'm Cat Walker.
Ladybug::: Purr-fectly delighted!
Cat Walker:::Likewise.
Ladybug::: You.. don't burst out laughing, don't you think that's funny?
Cat Walker::: I find the play on words nicely done. Plagg told me you were exceptional and he is good as his word. If you'd like, next time, I will laugh.
Ladybug:::Oh, no, don't, I- You don't have to force yourself to laugh.So tell me, Cat Walker, how old are you? Do you have brothers and sisters? Any hobbies in particular?
Cat Walker::: Answering your questions would risk revealing my secret identity.
Ladybug::: Wow, you really are perfect. Um- I mean- your answer was perfect. Let's see how well you think on your feet. Say, a supervillain shows up and you know nothing about them. What would be your first reaction? A, you rush towards them and cataclysm them, B, you-
Cat Walker:::First I get to a safe place to observe them. And that's what you should do too, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: You know, I guess there's no more time for chit-chat. Let's get to work right now!No, Cat Noir, stop! This is ridiculous!
Cat Walker::: You think that's Cat Noir?
Ladybug::: Of course it's Cat Noir! He must've been akumatized because he regrets having given up his Miraculous!
Cat Walker:::What if it's not Cat Noir?
Ladybug::: Leave this to me, Cat Walker. I know him really well. 
Cat Walker::: Ladybug!
Ladybug::: I'm so sorry, Cat Noir! I didn't realize how broken-hearted you were over this!
Shadow Moth::: Cat Noir? What is she talking about? Kuro Neko, be a nice kitty cat. Get me Ladybug's Miraculous...
Shadow Moth:::...and you'll be free to play forever.
Cat Walker::: If that was Cat Noir, don't you think he'd talk to you?
Ladybug::: It's true, he usually does talk a lot more. He must be really upset that I found someone to take his place!
Cat Walker::: With that slot on his back, he looks more like a piggy bank, don't you think?
Ladybug::: You'll see once we deakumatize him.Cataclysm his bell, I'm sure that's where the akuma is!
Cat Walker::: Hang on!Ladybug, what if that's a sentimonster? If I use my power on him, he'll lose control and become more dangerous!
Ladybug:::You're right! Wow, Plagg really took his job as a coach seriously!But trust me, I know Cat Noir-Hey, what are you doing?!
Cat Walker::: Kitty, kitty! Meow, meow, kitty!This should do. Meow, meow, meow!That's right, come here.Mmm, this smells good!
Ladybug::: What's he doing?
Cat Walker::: Cats sometimes eat grass, it helps them spit out their hairballs.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir loves acting like a clown, but he wouldn't go so far as to eat real grass.
Cat Walker:::What I mean is you're right to doubt, and I agree with you. Until we know for sure whether we're dealing with a sentimonster, someone who's been akumatized, we shouldn't make any brash decisions.Let's find out more.
Ladybug::: 
Cat Walker:::I'm only saying this because you asked me to think on my feet, you know? But you're the Guardian and whatever your plan is, I'll follow it.
Ladybug:::You were right from the start, of course that's not Cat Noir!
Cat Walker::: It's completely understandable why you think that.
Ladybug::: Yeah, but hello? I just confused my former partner with a giant piggy bank! I didn't see he was hurt and couldn't stop him from leaving either. I must be the worst Guardian ever!
Cat Walker::: There's nothing wrong with you. Maybe the Boy who was Cat Noir was more sensitive than it seemed. But his feelings for you shouldn't force you to pay more attention to him than to others. You take care of everybody equally, Ladybug.Now I want to take care of you.
Ladybug::: Uh.. thanks.
Cat Walker::: Shall we? 
Ladybug:::Thanks for being so charming with me- oh, uh, what I meant was-
Cat Walker::: Lucky Charm?
Ladybug::: What?
Cat Walker::: You meant that you need your yo-yo to call up your Lucky Charm, right?
Ladybug::: Yes, right! 
Ladybug::: A parachute? 
Cat Walker::: Are you okay?
Ladybug:::Uh.. yes, but I'm gonna need you. Use the parachute to blind the cat, and I'll... snatch his bell with my yo-yo.
Cat Walker::: Watch out!
Ladybug:::Let's not panic, I must've made a mistake. Let's try something else.Uh... okay, I think.. I know what to do. At least I hope so...
Cat Walker::: Here, kitty, kitty! Meow!Meow! Kitty, kitty, kitty!That's when I use my superpower, right?
Ladybug::: Right! Make sure not to touch anything other than the bell!
Cat Walker::: Cataclysm!
Rythm:::Shadow Moth, my cat is broken! You promised me a kitty who listens to me! 
Ladybug::: You were right, it is a sentimonster! And there's a child inside of it, we gotta get her out!
Cat Walker::: I'll go and recharge my Cataclysm. I might be able to break the object controlling it.
Ladybug::: He's so... perfect.And that's... the problem.
Cat Walker::: Claws in. 
Plagg::: So, how's this new camembert recipe taste?
Adrien::: I don't know, Plagg, things just aren't working as they were before. It's not the same.
Plagg::: That's expected, Adrien, you're not the same as before!
Adrien:::Plagg, claws out.
Ladybug:::I'm sorry, Cat Walker, I tried every way I could to include you in the plan but.. the lucky charm doesn't work with you.
Cat Walker:::That's what I figured out too.
Ladybug::: You're not mad? You don't feel sad or... left out?
Cat Walker:::No. The mission comes first. I'm not making another move.Good luck, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: He really is too... perfect.Yoohoo! Hello, kitty, kitty! 
Ladybug:::Excuse me! I need you to put all the freshly mown grass that you can into here, please!
Ladybug::: Come on, you big kitty! It's time to spit up that hairball!
Ladybug:::Could you please give me your piggy bank?
Rythm:::No way! All the money that I saved up to buy kitty toys for my cat is in here!
Ladybug:::Uh... him?
Rythm:::No, my cat's ran away. So Shadow Moth promised he'd give me the biggest kitty in the world to replace him but this cat is mean.. and he doesn't listen. I want my kitty cat! 
Ladybug:::You know what? I lost my kitty cat too. And I miss him a lot. We just need to break your piggy bank long enough for the big cat to stop being naughty, and then my magic ladybugs will fix it. And that way, when you find your cat, you can still buy him the best toys in the world.
Rythm::: Okay.
Ladybug::: Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye-bye, little feather.
Superpower sequence Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug! 
Rythm:::My kitten! 
Ladybug and Cat Walker::: You were perfect. No, you were perfect. 
Ladybug::: But, Cat Noir...
Cat Walker::: ...is not me. Plagg will give you the ring back.
Ladybug::: And.. he'll send it back to its previous owner.
Cat Walker:::Nice to have met you, Ladybug. Cat Noir... is a very lucky guy.
Cat Walker::: Claws in.
Adrien:::Your great plan didn't really work out, Plagg.
Plagg::: Are you kidding? It worked better than if it actually worked!So long, serious cat, we're finally gonna be super cool cat again!
Adrien::: But what if I can't do it? Become the old Cat Noir again?
Plagg::: Don't worry about that! Just be yourself and he'll be back in two shakes of a cat's tail!
Adrien:::But, does that mean Cat Noir is really who I am? Deep down inside?
Plagg:::You're not Cat Noir, but you're not Adrien either. You're both. You're the perfect son who's extremely successful in everything he does. But you're also Cat Noir, who just wants to enjoy life and have fun. One can't exist without the other. And I sure am glad to have both of you back!
Cat Noir:::I've been a really temperamental kitty, m'lady. I didn't realize how much trouble I'd make for you by giving back my Miraculous.
Ladybug:::Just because I don't need you all the time doesn't mean that I don't need you at all, Cat Noir. No one could ever replace you.
