Ms. Bustier::: In 1670, Molière was commissioned by King Louis the 14th, nicknamed the Sun King, to write a play that was meant to ridicule a certain ambassador-
Tikki::: Plagg, you promised me you wouldn't go back there!
Plagg::: Sorry, Sugarcube, but I can't resist such irresistible beauty! Here it sits everyday beckoning me with its gooey lusciousness. And every time I eat it, it just pops right back up the very next day! 
Tikki::: Don't you think it's strange that this gross, stinky thing just reappears in the same spot day after day?
Plagg::: That's precisely why I call it the magic cheese!
Tikki::: Yargh!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Ah, I've got you at last, strange creatures.
Tikki::: This is exactly why you should always listen to me! Let's get out of here!
Ms. Mendeleiev:::Ugh! And they speak too?!
Plagg:::I can't!It's impossible to abandon such a creamy, cozy Reblochon!
Tikki:::Plagg!
Class::: Huh? Hey? What is going on?
Ms. Bustier:::Stay focused on Molière and his plays.
Ms. Mendeleiev:::Ugh, go ahead and run away. I have proof of my great scientific discovery! 
Tikki::: Hmm. You don't want me reading your little secrets, Marinette?
Marinette:::Alya don't know me as well as you do. I'm so happy to have you, Tikki. You're the only being I can really be myself with, without ever having to lie.
Tikki::: I'm really happy to have you too.
Marinette::: Good night, Tikki.
Tikki::: Good night, Marinette.Plagg, we must tell our owners or Master Fu the truth about what happened today.
Plagg::: Chill out, Sugarcube. Don't forget that nobody can capture or record us.
Tikki::: I know that, but we were actually seen by a human. And at school, too! That could jeopardize our owners' secret identities.
Plagg::: Aaw, okay, I promise you I won't eat any more magic cheese ever again and really what's the worst that could happen anyway.
Alya::: Mr. Damocles, can you confirm rumors that Ms. Mendeleiev isn't here today, because she'll be appearing on the Alternative Truth TV show?
Kim::: Where everything isn't always true,but nothing's really false! 
Mr. Damocles:::It is indeed quite possible that Ms. Mendeleiv has made a scientific discovery of utmost importance.
Juleka, Mylène, Nino, Ivan, and Kim::: Can we watch the show, please,dude ?
Plagg:::Huh…?
Alix:::Ugh, my brother is one of the guests, too...
Alec::: And we're back for the next segment of Alternative Truthwhere everything isn't always true , but nothing's really false! Let's welcome our last guest today: Ms. Mendeleiev, a science teacher at Françoise Dupont High School.
Kim::: Yayy, that's our teacher! 
Mr. Damocles::: Kim, sit down, please.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Hello, thank you for having me.
Alec:::You're going to describe an innovative scientific theory to our panel of experts who will then decide if it's true or false.
Kim::: True or false!
Mr. Damocles::: Sit!
Alec::: So, Ms. Mendeleiev, you already know our jury, its members are, as always: the famous singer XY and the one and only Mr. Banana!
Mr. Banana:::Stay peachy!
Alec::: And the incredible Manon Chamack, daughter of our favorite news reporter Nadja Chamack. Over to you, Ms. Mendeleiev.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: What are you about to witness is proof of the existence of interdimensional creatures with incredible powers who can move through matter and seem to be attracted to aged cheese.I discovered the first of these creatures soon after school began in September,I started observing it closely. Then, I discovered a second one. I have proof, watch closely:you can't see the creatures themselves because they are not filmable- but look right there.Given that I was unable to capture these creatures on video, I've made sketches of them to give you an idea of what they look like.
Chloé::: What's that even supposed to be?
Max::: I seriously doubt this show was remotely scientific whatsoever.
Alec::: Ms. Mendeleiev,are you actually serious about chasing cheese-eating ghosts?
Ms. Mendeleiev::: I'm always serious.
Marinette::: I thought we didn't keep secrets from one another...!
Tikki::: I didn't want to bother you with Kwami nonsense. Besides, I thought the problem had been resolved, Plagg promised he wouldn't eat any of that magic cheese anymore.
Marinette::: Wait a sec! If Plagg was there too, that means he was here in this school! Which means Cat Noir is a student at Françoise Dupont, just like me?! And if I just figured this out, then that means that Cat Noir probably just figured out that I figured out that he figured it out!
Tikki::: Uh, no, not at all! You know, Plagg would travel for miles just to sink his teeth into good cheese. 
Marinette:::You see the problem now is that I'm always going to wonder whether you're lying or not. 
Tikki::: I'm so sorry, Marinette.
Marinette::: It's okay. I know you're trying to protect me. If I figure out who he is, I'll have to give up my Miraculous and Ladybug. So I won't try, and I hope he doesn't either.
Alec::: It's time for our jury to vote and tell us if the theories we heard tonight aretrue or false!Jalil Kubdel hypothesized that Egyptian pyramids are in fact: alien spaceships that came down to Earth because they ran out of gas! What do you think?
Kim:::Alix, look! It's your brother!
Alec::: Our jury has been convinced! Jalil succeeds!
Jalil:::True or false!
Alec::: Theory number two. Mr. Vincent Aza hypothesized that snow is in fact: boogers from a giant who lives in the clouds! 
Alec::: Mr. Banana was not convinced.
Mr. Banana:::No, but stay peachy! 
Alec::: But you do have two votes, which means that you, too, have won, Vincent!Last but not least, Ms. Mendeleiev has hypothesized that there are interdimentional creatures who like to eat cheese.I'm very sorry, Ms. Mendeleiev, but your fake video footage failed to convince our panel of experts.
Mr. Banana:::Stay peachy! 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: It wasn't fake, I swear! This is an authentic, major scientific discovery! 
Alec::: You're welcome to come back when you manage to capture your invisible cheese eating creatures! 
Hawk Moth::: Now there's a very familiar emotion.Fly away, my little Akuma, and evilize her misunderstood heart! 
Hawk Moth:::Kwamibuster, I am Hawk Moth. They made a mockery of your science, I'm ready to believe you. 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Really!?
Ms. Mendeleiev::: You can count on me, Hawk Moth. Soon, I'll be the greatest scientist in the whole world! 
Adrien::: You could've been captured! That was so irresponsible of you!
Plagg::: Puh-lease, it's impossible to capture a kwami. May I remind you that we can move through matter and we can't be filmed or photographed? You're as much of a party pooper as Sugarcube.
Adrien::: Sugarcube? Who's Sugarcube?
Plagg::: Uh Tikki, Ladybug's kwami. 
Adrien::: Wait a second. If Tikki was there, too, then that means she was here at school, which means Ladybug is a student at Françoise Dupont just like me, which means I probably know Ladybug already.
Plagg::: Uh-oh! Uh-oh!
Alec::: A big thank you to all our scientists and members of the jury! We'll see you again next week for another edition ofAlternative Truth! 
Alya:::I feel sorry for Ms. Mendeleiev.
Chloé::: I feel sorry for myself that she's my teacher.
Kwamibuster:::Wait! The show's not over! I am Kwamibuster! And I'm going to conduct one last scientific experiment!
Marinette::: I just can't stop thinking about who Cat Noir really is! He has to be one of the Boys... 
Nadja Chamack:::A new akumatized person has appeared near the TV station. It appears to be a teacher from Françoise Dupont High School.
Kwamibuster:::This safety vault will withstand a 50-story fall, true or false?
Alec:::False! It won't!
Marinette::: We gotta go, Tikki. I have to find a way to convince Cat Noir that Marinette Dupain-Cheng can't possibly be Ladybug, otherwise I won't to be able to be Ladybug anymore. Tikki, spots on! 
Plagg::: Adrien, won't you like, summon me to jump in action or something?
Adrien::: Plagg, what if... Marinette were Ladybug...?
Plagg::: Marinette? Nah! Besides, you shouldn't be trying to find out more, if you discovered Ladybug's true identity you'd have to give your Miraculous back! So if I were you, I'd act like nothing's going on. That's what I always do when there's a problem, and it's always worked out just fine for me!
Adrien::: Maybe for once I'd better listen to you. Plagg, claws out! 
Alec:::Let me go! I mean don't! Don't do that!
Hawk Moth:::Excellent, Kwamibuster. Ladybug and Cat Noir will have to come to this MC's rescue.
Kwamibuster::: Then I can easily capture their Kwamis. Bye!So predictable.
Alec:::Ah, ah! Thanks, Ladybug-! Ladybug saved me!
Cat Noir:::There you have it, the answer was true. Ladybug defies the laws of science.
Kwamibuster::: I'm going to capture your Kwamis and prove to everyone that these magic creatures really do exist! True or false?
Ladybug::: I don't think it matters, 'cause we're not gonna give you a chance to prove anything!
Cat Noir::: I love this plan, I'm excited to be part of it. Let's do it! 
Kwamibuster::: Back off, kids, I'm a scientist! 
Cat Noir::: You're no scientist, you're more like a game show host!
Kwamibuster::: I'm going to prove to the whole world that I am a great scientist and that I made a major discovery! 
Ladybug:::I hope your Kwami's learned his lesson so he doesn't ever do anything like this again!
Cat Noir:::Well, I heard your Kwami was with it.
Ladybug::: My Kwami was trying to talk some sense into yours! I get the feeling you two are perfect match.Ah!
Cat Noir::: This Kwamibuster villain, she's from Françoise Dupont High School, right?
Ladybug::: Don't forget the rules, Cat Noir. We can't know each other secret identiti- Ah! 
Kwamibuster::: So, Kwamis don't exist, huh? Well, here's proof! 
Cat Noir::: Ladybug! Ladybug, is everything-!?
Marinette::: No! Don't look over here!
Hawk Moth:::You can find out who Ladybug is and take her Miraculous from her, she's powerless now that she's lost her Kwami.
Superpower Sequence Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Kwamibuster:::Now I'm going to seize your Kwami, cat. True or false! Gotcha! 
Tikki:::Don't waste your energy, we can't go through it, it's magic! This is all because of your cheese addiction.
Plagg::: I still have my catacly-
Tikki::: No, you can't control it! Your cataclysm could destroy the whole city and make things even worse.
Plagg::: So how are you planning to get us out of here, Sugarcube?
Tikki::: I'm not, but I'm sure Ladybug will!
Kwamibuster::: I already have your Kwamis, and soon I'll have your Miraculous, too. True or false. 
Marinette:::Master! Tikki and Plagg have been captured and Cat Noir might discover my secret identity!
Master Fu::: You are both well aware of the consequences of that.
Marinette::: And that's why I'm going to fix everything and save Tikki!
Master Fu:::Marinette Dupain-Cheng, you have to pick a Miraculous, only this time, you won't be giving it to someone else. You'll wear it yourself, until you get Tikki back.You can't do that! Merging Miraculous would give you way too much power! It could make you lose your mind!
Marinette:::Don't worry, Master, I only need one power, the Mouse's. I'm just wearing the other Miraculous so I can free the Kwamis. I need them to pull off my plan.
Marinette::: Mullo, get squeaky!
Multimouse::: And now, I'm Multimouse! Uh... 
Master Fu::: Are you sure about this, Marinette?
Multimouse::: If I don't do it...who else will defeat Kwamibuster? To capture the villain's akuma, I've gotta save Tikki and get my Ladybug powers back first. To do that, I'll let myself get captured.
Superpower Sequence Multimouse::: Multitude!
Multimouse::: 
Multifox::: And now, I'm Multifox! Let's go! 
Master Fu::: If Marinette fails, Hawk Moth will claim almost every Miraculous for himself!
Wayzz::: She's never failed, Master.
Kwamibuster::: True or false: Cat Noir has disguised himself as Mr. Banana!
Adrien::: Uh... Stay peachy? 
Kwamibuster:::Stay put!
Hawk Moth:::Soon, we'll discover Cat Noir true identity and his Miraculous will be mine at last!
Multimouse:::Charge!!! 
Kwamis::: Ahh!
Hawk Moth:::There's something you don't see every day. Kwamibuster! I promised you Kwamis and here they are! Now bring me all the Miraculous in return!
Kwamibuster::: You can't get away from me. You're no match for Kwamibuster!
Multimouse:::Catch us if you can! 
Multimouse:::Psst! Cat Noir, is that you?
Adrien::: Ladybug? Just when I think I finally know you, you manage to surprise me again!
Multimouse::: That's very sweet of you, but I'm not Ladybug,I'm Multimouse. Ladybug has sent me to fetch your Miraculous, to defeat Kwamibuster.
Adrien::: How do I know I can trust you?
Multimouse::: Ladybug trusted me when she gave me a Miraculous, didn't she?
Adrien:::Tell her I'm relying on her to bring Plagg back. 
Multimouse::: Okay, thank you. Oh yeah! Ladybug said you should meet her on the roof. 
Kwamibuster::: I will catch you all! Ha ha ha! 
Plagg::: It looks like your owner has failed us, Tikki. We're doomed...Ladybug?!
Tikki::: I told you that my owner was the best!
Multimouse:::I'd never abandon you, Tikki. 
Multimouse:::Plagg, Mullo, Unify!
Multimouse:::Tikki, Mullo, Unify! 
Superpower Sequence Multinoir::: Cataclysm!
Superpower Sequence Multibug::: Lucky Charm!
Multinoir:::Mullo, Plagg, Divide! 
Multimouse:::As promised.
Adrien:::Thank you, mysterious Multimouse!
Multimouse::: Thank you! See ya, Cat Noir. 
Superpower Sequence Multifox::: Mirage!
Plagg::: I think you better find a way to convince everyone that you're not a student Françoise Dupont High School.
Adrien::: You're right, that would be safer. Plagg, claws out! 
Cat Noir::: Being Cat Noir is much more appealing than being a banana. 
Ladybug Illusion::: Good job, Multimouse, thanks to you I got my Kwami back, and Cat Noir's.
Cat Noir::: Awesome plan, girls!
Ladybug Illusion::: Time to de-evilize!Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Multimouse Illusion::: We came, we saw, we kicked her hat! 
Marinette Illusion::: Now I gotta give you this back, right?
Ladybug Illusion::: No! Not here! Marinette, you shouldn't have given me the Miraculous back, not in front of-
Marinette Illusion::: But, I didn't think you kept any secrets from each other. Oh, I'm so clumsy.
Ladybug Illusion::: I'm sorry, but now your identity is no longer a secret. I won't be able you give you a Miraculous again. I'll take Marinette back, Cat Noir. You take care of Ms. Mendeleiev.
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, wait! I wanted to apologize for my Kwami. I don't know what he was doing in that elementary school.
Ladybug Illusion::: It was a high school.
Cat Noir::: High school, right! I'll promise it'll never happen again.
Ladybug Illusion::: Bug out! 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Mister Cat, would you be willing to testify so that people will know I really did make a scientific discovery?
Cat Noir::: I'm sorry, Ms. Mendeleiev, but I can't do that. And you have to help us keep it a secret if you want us to protect Paris from Hawk Moth.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Uh, I... understand. I guess I'm just like Copernicus, way ahead of my time.
Cat Noir::: Uh, yeah, that's right. Just like him.Whee!
Hawk Moth::: All his Kwamis, so many powers! If I can capture them first, I will form my own army of Miraculous wearing super villains, and defeat Ladybug and Cat Noir once and for all! I must find the guardian! 
Multifox:::Reality!Mullo, Trixx, Divide!
Multibug::: Mullo, Divide!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
The Kwamis:::Yay! That was awesome! That was so cool! Wow, Ladybug! Fantastic!Whee! Ah! Haha, hahaha!
Marinette::: No worries, Master. Cat Noir wouldn't imagine in a million years that I'm Ladybug. And now I know that he's not a student at Françoise Dupont, he thought it was an elementary school.
Tikki::: Marinette, if you had been forced to give up being Ladybug because of me? I would have never forgiven myself.
Marinette::: We all make mistakes, Tikki, but I know you're a friend I can truly rely on.
Master Fu:::No Miraculous owner in all of history has ever been mentally and physically strong enough to use that many Miraculous at the same time.
Wayzz::: Marinette truly is special, Master.
