Marinette::: Master Fu translated are too cryptic. 
Tikki::: Their meanings are hidden on purpose, to protect the secret of our magic powers.
Marinette::: Yeah but what good does it do if even the Guardian of the Miraculous, can't figure them out?
Tikki::: Master Fu had trouble too with the first ones and remember, you were the one who helped him with the aqua power!
Marinette:::You're right, I'm gonna figure this out! 
Tikki:::What are you doing? 
Nadja:::The city of Paris is getting ready to celebrate the famous Prince Ali's birthday— 
Alec:::This special report on the fascinating life of Adrien Agreste!
Marinette:::Adrien… 
Alec::: We were able to spend the entire day with this famous, young model! 
Vincent:::Perfect! Just-a Stunning! Mwah! I need a smile more al dente! Haha!
Adrien:::How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? 
Sarah:::Not bad but could you do it for me with a bit more… orange? 
Marinette:::What a fascinating life.
Adrien:::What a boring day.
Plagg::: Without even a lunch break. Ridiculous!
Adrien:::Finally! Free at last! Plagg, claws out! 
Plagg:::What? Oh no!
Cat Noir:::Haha, Woohoo! Haha!Bugaboo? 
Ladybug:::Hi! It's Ladybug, leave a message!
Cat Noir:::Hey, Bugaboo. Well here I am, your faithful companion at our rendezvous point just like always. It's time for our daily patrol, I hope you haven't forgotten. 
Plagg:::No messages. Don't forget my cheese! 
Cat Noir::: What could she be doing? 
Ladybug:::Hi! It's Ladybug, leave a message!
Cat Noir:::Maybe it's because now since you're Guardian of the Miraculous,you've got all sorts of more important things to dobut hey, no biggie. I'm just the Cat for this job. I'll start without you. Hope to meet up with you later. Let me know. 
Citizens:::Cat Noir! Cat Noir! Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: Time for some action, finally! 
Citizens::: Cat Noir! Oh my gosh.Oh wow. Thank you Cat Noir.
Cat Noir:::At your service. 
Plagg:::No messages. Don't forget my cheese!
Cat Noir::: So Mr. Banana, life's peachy huh? Peachy, banana, get it?Forget it. So Mr. Ramier, it's been awhile since you were akumatized right? Don't ya kind of miss being Mr. Pigeon? You haven't been feeling a bit depressed or desperate or angry? Annoyed maybe? Not even a little perturbed?
Mr. Ramier::: Thank you for asking Cat Noir but I am in the best of spirits, really!
Cat Noir:::Well I guess I'm out of here then. 
Mr. Ramier:::Say hello to the lovely Ladybug for me!
Cat Noir::: Sure thing… if I ever see her…
Plagg:::No messages. Don't forget my cheese!
Butler Jean:::A glass of milk as usual, Mr. Cat Noir? 
Cat Noir:::Mhm
Butler Jean::: How is Ms. Ladybug?I haven't seen her for a while?
Cat Noir:::It's… been a little quiet recently. 
Chloé:::That purse was my life Sabrina! And you, you have gone and lost it! You are forbidden to speak to me ever again! 
Sabrina::: But Chloé— 
Chloé::: Shh, No talking! Zip it!
Sabrina::: But—
Chloé::: Shh!
Sabrina::: But—
Chloé:::Zip it! And don't even look at me either! Hands over your eyes!
Cat Noir:::Something tells me an akuma is going to show up!
Chloé::: Hmm?Oh my purse!You dingbat!You could have told me that I was wearing it! 
Sabrina:::But I wasn't allowed to speak to you—
Chloé:::And you still aren't.
Sabrina::: Uh—
Chloé::: Shh! 
Cat Noir:::Make thata large milk pal. 
Plagg:::No messages. Don't forget my— 
Ladybug:::Hi! It's Ladybug, leave a message!
Cat Noir:::Hi again, Bugaboo. Guess who this is. Give up? It's the guy you stood up— 
Kagami::: Yes, never let yourself be weak, mother. I know that lesson well.
Cat Noir::: Huh? 
Tomoe::: And never be—
Kagami::: Taken by surprise. 
Tomoe:::Don't apply these principles to fencing, you'll never be as good as Adrien Agreste!
Kagami::: Adrien? Don't worry mother.I've got everything I need to succeed with him.
Cat Noir:::Patrol's over, Bugaboo! 
Cat Noir::: Claws in. 
Plagg:::So your favorite cheese is missing from the plate and it's as if the others don't exist? Try another type, you might be surprised how much you like it! 
Nathalie:::Ms. Kagami Tsurugi called to inform you that the time of your fencing has been changed to one hour earlier this week.
Adrien:::Huh, thank you, Nathalie.Kagami, Kagami… 
Tomoe:::All these scheduling changes requested by the Agrestes are annoying. But you can use it to fit in another hour of Russian.
Kagami:::Yes, mother.
Gabriel::: All these scheduling changes requested by the Tsurugi are annoying. When you get home, make sure you try on the outfit I've just completed for your next photoshoot.
Adrien:::Yes, father.
Mr. Haprèle::: Kagami? Adrien? Your fencing class doesn't start for an hour. And Mr. D'Argencourt hasn't arrived yet.
Kagami::: Oh really? And I was sure I wrote down the correct hour this time!
Mr. Haprèle::: I'm sorry but you can't—
Kagami:::Stay at school without adult supervision? No problem, Mr. Haprèle. We'll come back for the class in an hour.
Adrien::: What are you up to this time? 
Adrien::: The arts and crafts room? What are you planning to do in here?
Kagami:::I've never told this to anyone but… I love to draw. I always have.Drawings never lie. The poses that people make are always a reflection of their personality.But my mother won't let me do it, according to her, I'm not good enough…
Adrien::: You're super talented Kagami!
Kagami::: You really think so?
Adrien::: Mmhm
Kagami:::Pose for me, I want to sketch you.
Adrien::: How do you want me to pose? 
Kagami::: However makes you comfortable.I really admire Toulouse Lautrec. I'd like to draw you just like the characters he painted. Did you know he often signed his drawings with a monogram like many Japanese artists did?This isn't right, it's not you. 
Adrien::: Can I see it? 
Kagami:::Try a different pose. It should be easy to do a beautiful sketch of you because you're so handsome but what I want is to capture the real you inside.No, still not good. Change againThese are all modeling poses!Try something that's more natural, more you.
Adrien::: Hmm, what about MEOW!Uhh…I mean now? 
Kagami::: No, you're not at all natural. 
Adrien:::Yes, I am. I promise, this is me!
Kagami::: NO!That's you when you're being silly! 
Adrien:::What if when I'm being silly, I'm really me?
Kagami:::There. This is really you.
Adrien:::Do you really think?… 
Kagami::: Yes, you're, perfect. 
Adrien:::Now it's really time for our fencing class. 
Mr. D'Argencourt::: En garde! Prèt, allez!
Kagami:::Touché.
Adrien:::En garde.Uh… sorry.I forgot something in the locker room… 
Cat Noir:::—Just like always. It's time for our weekly patrol. I hope you haven't forgotten!Buga-Boo!waaah! 
Ladybug::: Hi-ya!Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Wah!Oof!
Ladybug::: Will you cut it out with your practical jokes? I could have really hurt you.
Cat Noir:::M'lady, the only thing that really hurts me is when you make me go on patrol by myself.I even missed your little angry pout.
Ladybug::: Sorry Kitty Cat, I'm a bit over my head at the moment
Cat Noir::: I bet! Guardian of the Miraculous, big name, big responsibility!
Ladybug:::I promise to never forget our patrols again.
Cat Noir::: Woohoo!
Adrien:::Kagami!I gotta get going my father's probably worried. 
Adrien:::Bye guys!Uh… forgot something in my classroom,call ya later! 
Kagami:::Tatsu, let's go!
Cat Noir:::Wee!
Rose:::Yeah!
Marinette, Nino, Alya:::Yeah! Woohoo!
Nino:::I got it all on video dude! You guys were awesome! 
Adrien:::I wasn't Nino. I messed up the intro.
Ivan::: We can go over it again if you want, Adrien?
Rose::: Yeah, let's play it again.
Kagami::: Adrien, it's time!
Adrien::: Five more minutes? 
Adrien::: Well… I'll be better next time, I promise. See you guys. 
Adrien::: Our cars aren't here yet. That's too bad; we could have played the song again.
Kagami::: But this way we have a little time together.
Adrien:::We'll have plenty of time together when we go to Prince Ali's birthday.
Kagami::: Togetherjust the two of us, I mean. I'm so happy when I'm with you.I have a feeling we're a lot alike. Do you feel the same way? Do you also-Huh?
Adrien::: Sorry, I thought I saw a wasp.
Kagami:::Do you love... me too? 
Adrien:::Excuse me? 
Kagami:::Adrien what's going on? 
Adrien::: I… forgot something on the barge, when my bag fell. Don't wait up for me. Let's meet up at Prince Ali's birthday. 
Kagami:::Tatsu, take me to the city hall.
Plagg::: I hope we can still celebrate Ali's birthday. Fancy parties always have the best cheese boards!
Adrien::: Later, but right now Ladybug needs me! Plagg, claws out! 
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, Hawk Moth's merged his powers with the Peacock to become Shadow Moth. He's created a supervillian and a sentimonster at the same time. I need you out here!
Truth::: Now you must tell the truth to anyone who asks you a question, I'll do the honors. Who are you Ladybug?
Ladybug::: I… am… 
Cat Noir:::A super swimmer! 
André:::Dear Prince Ali, on behalf of the city of Paris we all wish you a very happy birthday. 
Tomoe:::Didn't I arrange with Gabriel that his son would accompany you here? 
Kagami::: Oh um… he's here mother. A journalist's interviewing him outside. I'll go and find him. 
Cat Noir::: Woo hoo!M'lady, it's been awhile since I've had that much fun.
Ladybug:::If battling a supervillian with three eyes and a giant monster buddy is your idea of fun, I can't imagine what your other days are like…
Cat Noir::: A baddie, a sentimonster, and Shadow Moth. It's even more exciting with his new name don't ya think? 
Ladybug::: He can change his name as often as he likes, he'll still never win.
Cat Noir::: You can count on me and my jokes, Bugaboo.
Ladybug::: Well… you don't have to overdo it.
Cat Noir::: Truth is, I only ever have this much fun with you. Catch ya later!Wee! 
Cat Noir::: Claws in. 
Adrien:::Kagami. I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long.
Kagami:::And I hope you found what you were looking for. 
Adrien::: Huh? 
Kagami::: Back at the barge. 
Adrien:::Uh, the barge right.Yeah I found it thank you. 
Kagami::: What was it?
Adrien:::Oh you know just that thing, that Lucky Charm that Marinette gave me.Ah no, did I lose it?!Again…
Kagami::: You mean…this one?You know, I lied too. I lied to my mother so that we could see each other. I even lied to her when I said you came here with me tonight. I lied at every fencing lesson so we could spend more time together. You see, we're both a couple of liars. Except I lie because I want to be with you.You lie… because you don't want to be with me.
Adrien:::Kagami!
Kagami::: I'll go in first. 
Shadow Moth::: One simple lie and trust crumbles to nothing. And what if in the end everything in our world is just a lie? Fly away my evil akuma and plague that deceived heart! 
Shadow Moth::: Lies, I am Shadow Moth. I bestow on you the power to rid the world of liars. All I ask in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous! Do I have your word? 
Kagami::: Trust me, no more lies will be allowed in my new world Shadow Moth.
Adrien:::No!…This is all my fault. I've gotta save Kagami!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Jagged:::Oh Prince Ali you're one year older but to us you're still a real rock and roller 
Roger Raincomprix:::In the name of the law, what is that! 
Lies::: I am Lies! Have you ever told a lie, Agent Roger? 
Roger::: Of course not… a policeman never lies. 
Lies::: You are a liar!
Roger::: Help! 
Lies::: And you, mother, have you lied as well? 
Tomoe::: Kagami, I will not allow this! 
Cat Noir::: Kaga—Lies! Stop this right now!
Lies::: Oh look, let's see if this new candidate can pass my lie detector test.
Cat Noir::: I'm not lying when I say I'm gonna free you from that evil Shadow Moth.
Jagged::: And I'm gonna help ya. Yeah! 
Cat Noir::: Get away, Jagged. 
Jagged::: I'm not afraid, I'm an artist. I'm always keeping it real with my fans. 
Bob Roth::: That's not true! You lie about your age! 
Jagged::: Hey, this is not rock and roll! 
Lies::: A world without lies will have no need for superheroes, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir:::Cata— 
Ladybug::: No! If you touch the sphere, you'll freeze.
Cat Noir::: Not if I've always told the truth. 
Ladybug::: Yeah, but is that the case? 
Cat Noir::: Hardly. How 'bout you?
Ladybug::: Of course not Kitty, we're supposed to lie. If only to keep our identities a secret. And if we touch that thing they'll be no one left to stop her from swallowing all of Paris! 
Cat Noir::: Okay, so what do we do? 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!Uh..
Cat Noir::: I can't wait to see what you're gonna do with a drone. 
Ladybug::: Okay, we can't go inside, but I doubt this machine ever lied. Which means… keep her busy while I send this spy bird inside! We'll stay in touch. 
Cat Noir:::Your wish is my command, M'Lady. And that's no lie.Yoohoo! My name isn't Cat Noir, I'm not a superhero, I hate Ladybug, and I think Shadow Moth should have been called Peacock Moth! Way funnier! I forgot, my favorite dish is cauliflower with béchamel sauce.
Shadow Moth::: Lies, catch that deceiving Cat and seize his Miraculous!
Lies::: You have my word Shadow Moth.Liars will always have to pay in the end!
Ladybug::: I know what the akumatized item is.
Cat Noir::: Great, so break it! 
Ladybug::: How do I do that when I can't touch it? 
Cat Noir::: You're right, only someone who's never lied can get into that sphere and do it but that doesn't exist!
Ladybug::: Yes, it does Cat Noir! It does exist! Fang! Jagged's crocodile. He's never lied. He's an animal, he wouldn't know how!
Cat Noir::: You're right!
Ladybug::: It's working!
Citizens:::Ah! Help! Help!
Ladybug::: But if Lies sees him coming we're toast! 
Cat Noir::: There are only two liars left in Paris and one of them knows the ultimate way to catch her attention. 
Ladybug::: No way! Don't do it! What if I fail?! 
Cat Noir::: You know what? I trust you.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir no! You're completely crazy!
Cat Noir::: Crazy about you, M'lady. 
Ladybug::: No, just plain crazy… reckless… 
Shadow Moth::: The moment of truth is near! Grab Cat Noir's Miraculous, then it'll be Ladybug's turn!
Ladybug::: Hurry up!
Shadow Moth::: NOOO!!!
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you little akuma! Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Citizen::: Yeah!
Ladybug:::Seriously, you've got to stop doing this to me!
Cat Noir:::Yeah, but I can't resist this angry little pout of yours when you bring me back. 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it.
Cat Noir::: Claws in.
Adrien:::Ladybug.
Plagg::: Oh how romantic! I get it, even if I do love every cheese on the plate, I always come back to my favorite, Camembert. 
Mr. D'Argencourt::: En garde, prèt, allez!
Adrien:::Ugh ah ouch! 
Mr. D'Argencourt:::Stop it! This is a fencing class here, not a joust. Fall out! 
Adrien::: I'm really sorry I hurt you Kagami. You know, all those wonderful times we had together… they weren't lies. 
Kagami::: I know. I know that you're hiding something but I also know that there is sincerity in you too.
Adrien::: So… can we still be friends? 
Kagami::: How can you trust someone who's lied to you?When I'm ready to see you again, I'll let you know. 
Cat Noir::: You know the difference between us and the rest of the world M'Lady? We can't be completely honest with each other. We keep secrets and… sometimes we have to lie.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: But we always trust each other. 
