Chloé-Bee:::Welcome to my secret lair. I may be a superhero, but I'm always happy to share my thrilling life with all my fans. Like today, my dear friend Ladybug showed up to ask me for advice.
Chloé-Bee::: I admire Queen Bee so much. She showed me what being a superhero is all about and always fixes the messes Cat Noir and I get ourselves into.
Chloé-Bee::: Oh, please. You would do the same for me.
Chloé-Bee::: Come on! Like you would ever cause a mess.
Chloé-Bee::: You're right. 
Ivan::: That's not Ladybug, that's you, Chloé! 
Chloé::: Of course that's the real Ladybug! 
Miss Bustier::: But Chloé, could you tell me why you chose to do an assignment about yourself? Uh— I mean: about Queen Bee?
Chloé::: Well, our assignment was to choose an important person in French history and I actually saved France. Even Ladybug says so… 
Chloé-Bee:::Queen Bee really makes us stronger…
Chloé-Bee and real Chloé::: …she truly is Miraculous.
Alya::: Chloé, it's so obvious that's you dressed up as Ladybug. You didn't even bother to match her hair color.
Chloé::: Uh… she… just… dyed her hair blonde to look like me.Ugh, you're all a bunch of losers!Except you, Adrikins. None of you deserve to see the rest of my documentary.
Marinette:::Oh, what a shame. 
Chloé::: Uh?I saw you laughing with the other idiots; you're fired!
Sabrina:::Whahaha, I betrayed my best friend! 
Alya::: How could you not laugh, Sabrina? The whole superherositchhas totally gone to her head. 
Ladybug:::You're the one who paralyzed the Métro driver, aren't you? You used your power to create this situation!
Alya::: She wasn't the hero; it was Cat Noir and Ladybug!
Alix::: She had superpowers for like five minutes and went totally outta control!
Marinette::: We might not deserveto see your documentary, but you don't deserve to be called a superhero!
Chloé::: What?!You will pay for your insulting remarks, Dupain-Cheng!
Miss Bustier::: Calm down now, students!
Chloé:::This is ridiculous.
Miss Bustier::: Chloé, class isn't over.
Chloé::: You're all ridiculous. Utterly riii-diculous. 
Marinette::: Ugh— seriously? She'll never change.
André::: By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Audrey:::Oh, good. You're married. Now get out!
Chloé:::Shoo! 
André::: What in the world is going on, my sweetie pie?
Audrey:::I demand that you close the school down for good!
Chloé:::And I want you to banish Marinette Dupain-Cheng from Paris!
Audrey:::That monster hurt your little girl’s feelings.
Chloé::: She got the whole class to gang up on me. They all have to pay.
André::: But I just can't! I mean… I could close the school for a few days… a week at most.
Audrey:::Not good enough!
Chloé:::Shut it down forever!
André::: Ugh— But that’s impossible! I love you, Chloé, but you’re asking too much of me this time. I’m only the mayor.
Chloé::: Precisely.What’s the use of this stupid sash you're wearing if you can’t actually use power? This is ridiculous!...
Chloé and Audrey::: Utterly ridiculous!
André::: You’ve always been too good for your classmates. Maybe you should switch schools? 
Audrey::: Change schools? Ugh— forget it! We need to change cities, that’s what. We’ll go to New York!
André::: But wait!
Chloé::: Don't forget my Tourbillon stilettos, Jean-Marc.
Butler Jean::: Of course, Miss.
André::: I can’t be the mayor of Paris if we’re living in New York. It’s… too far! Why don't we go and live closer in Versailles, instead?
Chloé::: Well, it won’t make the slightest bit of difference since you’re so powerless, anyway!
Audrey::: Not only are you incapable of solving a simple problem for your daughter, you’re also refusing to come with us?
André::: No! Not at all. I… I… Ah. Look at this, my sweetie. It’s for you. 
Chloé::: What is it? It’s tiny!
André::: Yes, but very expensive! It’s a diamond-encrusted phone case. Are you sure you don’t want to stay after all?
Chloé:::I don’t want that thing! What kind of daddy are you if you can’t even give me what I want?
André:::But… what more can I do?
Hawk Moth::: A man of power feeling helpless as a father. I sense very strong negative emotions from him.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize him!
André::: Nooo! 
Hawk Moth:::Malediktator , I am Hawk Moth. Your wife and daughter think you're weak and useless? Well, I shall give you absolute power. Anything you declare will happen!
André::: By the power vested in me, I shall prevail as Malediktator! 
Chloé:::Hey there, losers! I'm headed to New York with my mom.I'm leaving you all behind in your pathetic little school and your pathetic little city. Adieu! 
Nino::: Chloé's leaving?
Nathaniel::: Forever?
Marinette::: Looks like it.
Alya::: Yeah.
Marinette::: Without Chloé around, Paris will be filled with a lot less negative emotion!
Tikki::: And less akumatizations.
Adrien::: Hey, what’s going on here? What are we celebrating?
Marinette::: Chloé’s gone! She’s moving to New York!
Adrien::: Chloé left…? For good?
Marinette:::Yeah! Isn’t it great?
Adrien::: Uh… no. I think it’s terrible! How can you celebrate a thing like that?
Marinette:::But, Chloé’s a total brat to everyone. She was useless anyway.
Adrien::: Nobody's useless, not even Chloé. When I was little and wasn't allowed out, she was the only friend I had.
Marinette::: Ow— well, uh… shoot.
Adrien::: She left angry and unhappy. I can't celebrate that. 
Marinette::: Uh—I'm really sorry, Adrien.
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me, I order you to land! 
Audrey:::This is not the airport. What is the meaning of this?
Malediktator::: Chloé, my daughter, you are not leaving for New York. 
Chloé:::Daddy?
Malediktator::: You see, I have the power to shut down the school and banish all those nasty students who were mean to you. Come with me! 
Chloé::: Really? But that’s… excellent?
Audrey::: André, getting yourself akumatized like everybody else in this town does not make you a cool or hip father. In fact—
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me, I declare that you will be devoted to this family and remain in Paris with me and Chloé. 
Audrey:::Oh yes, my dear hubby. I’m so happy to stay here. 
Chloé:::Ew! Just when I thought things were working out. Ugh! How would Ladybug get out of this ridiculous situation?Well done, Chloé, now you just have to—Ew! What a stench! Come on, you're a hero!You… can… do… this.
Malediktator::: Chloé, sweetie, why don't you come—Huh?Where did she go?!
Audrey:::Don't worry, I'm sure we'll find her.
Hawk Moth:::Malediktator, if you want to find your daughter, you must first cause chaos in Paris. Start with the school. She'll come back of her own accord.
Malediktator::: Good idea! Let's go show those little savages what they get for showing my daughter such disrespect.
Alya::: Come on, girl. Just 'cause Adrien's bummed out doesn't mean you have to be, too.
Marinette::: Yeah, but I think I was a bit harsh on her earlier. What if Adrien's right and Chloé isn't just a brat?
Alya::: What else could she possibly be? Superbrat, maybe. 
Malediktator::: By the powers vested in me……I declare this school a demolition site!
Mr. Damocles::: Come on, students, let's wreck this place!
Malediktator::: Right! Now, where is that girl, Marinette Dupain-Cheng? I've got a special declaration just for her.
Tikki::: Looks like Chloé managed one last victim before she left Paris.
Marinette::: Yeah, and I might be partly to blame.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Malediktator::: Where is that Marinette?
Cat Noir:::Hey, you! Do you have a demolition permit for this school?
Malediktator::: I don't need a permit. I am Malediktator, the all-powerful supermayor of Paris, and this is my city.
Ladybug::: Paris is our city! It belongs to everyone.
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me, I declare that your Miraculous are my property! 
Cat Noir::: It’s time we impeach him and declare him powerless!
Ladybug::: The akuma has to be in his sash.
Ladybug::: abacus appears) An abacus?
Cat Noir::: While you figure that out, I'll take care of Malediktator. 
Ladybug:::Uh, of course! Cat Noir, wait!
Cat Noir:::Cata—
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me——I declare that you are a cat.
Cat Noir::: Meow! 
Ladybug::: Oh no!
Audrey::: Oh, what a cutie pie! Kitty kitty.
Hawk Moth:::Take Cat Noir’s Miraculous! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir!
Ladybug::: Kitty still has claws! Hold on, Cat Noir, I’ll be right back! 
Hawk Moth:::Let her go. She’ll be back and try to save her kitty. Except she'll be too late! Grab Cat Noir’s Miraculous!
Audrey::: Please, Malediktatorkins, can't we keep him just a little longer?
Malediktator:::If it makes you happy.
Hawk Moth:::Don’t let me down Malediktator, or I’ll take away your powers!
Malediktator:::He's completely harmless now. Taking his Miraculous would be like taking candy from a baby.
Master Fu::: Six hundred fifty.
Marinette:::Master Fu! A villain has transformed Cat Noir… into a cat!
Master Fu::: What?! But… perhaps you shouldn't have left him by himself. He's at Hawk Moth's mercy!
Marinette::: I know, but the Lucky Charm led me here!
Master Fu::: Hmm. And the Lucky Charm never fails.Marinette Dupain-Cheng, pick an ally you can trust to fight alongside you on this mission. Choose wisely; such powers are meant to serve the greater good. Once the mission is over, you'll retrieve the Miraculous from them.
Marinette::: I must choose someone who's not impressed by people in power. Who can help me trap Malediktator. Huh?! Of course! That's it.Wait, what am I thinking? 
Tikki::: Follow your instincts, Marinette.
Master Fu::: Are you sure you want to give it back to… her?
Marinette::: Don't worry, Master; I know how to make good use of it this time.
Sabine:::Hello! 
Malediktator::: Where is your daughter?
Sabine::: Uh— would you like to… place an order?
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me, I declare that Marinette Dupain-Cheng's parents will leave Paris… FOREVER! 
Marinette::: I gotta find Chloé before Malediktator. 
Tikki::: Marinette, look! 
Marinette:::Uh… uh… what are they doing? Hide, Tikki. Mom! Dad!
Tom::: Ah, Marinette. A man named Malediktator was looking for you. Thanks to him, we're leaving Paris forever. 
Sabine:::Come with us, honey. Last one there is a big slow snail! 
Tikki::: Your poor parents. We really have to stop Malediktator, Marinette.
Marinette::: I know, but I've got find Chloé first. I can't do this alone. She talked about her secret lair in her documentary.Hmm. Wait a minute. Huh!I know where her lair is!
Malediktator::: Chloé. Where are you, sweetie? I've done almost everything you wanted me to do.So you can stay here with Mommy and Daddy. Come on, Chloé; you don't want to upset me......do you?!Huh?My patience has its limits, Chloé. Don't make me show all of Paris just how powerful I can be!
Butler Jean::: We can't find her, Malediktator.
Malediktator::: Well, keep looking. She's got to be hiding here somewhere. Call me as soon as you find her. 
Butler Jean::: Of course.
Ladybug::: Are you okay?
Chloé::: Ladybug, finally! You're going to help me, right?
Ladybug::: I'm fine with helping you, Chloé, but first… I need you to tell me what happened. Why is your father— I mean, Malediktator, so mad?
Chloé::: It's because of this super lame loser named Marinette Dupain-Cheng. She's this horrible girl in my class and she hates me.She's ganged everyone up against me and she—
Ladybug::: Maybe this Marinette girl isn't entirely to blame?
Chloé::: Uh! Ugh. Okay, it wasn't totally Marinette's fault. She is really mean to me sometimes, but actually, this time, Daddy got angry all by himself.
Ladybug:::All by himself?
Chloé::: Yeah, because… there was something he couldn't do…
Ladybug:::Chloé, it's me, Ladybug. You can trust me. You can tell me the truth.
Chloé::: I— I—
Ladybug::: Mm-hmm.
Chloé::: It— it was me. I hurt my daddy's feelings. Because I want to leave Paris, forever.
Ladybug::: Because of what happened in school? I'm sure Marinette probably didn't exactly mean what she said.
Chloé::: Oh, it's not just her— actually, I don't even care about her— it's because I have no reason to be here: nobody likes me; I have no friends. I'm… useless.
Ladybug:::A friend once told me: nobody is useless, Chloé.
Chloé::: It's easy for you to say that. You're Ladybug, a superhero. You serve a purpose.
Ladybug::: Yes, I can fix up all the messes. You said it yourself in your documentary.
Chloé:::You saw it?!
Ladybug:::Mm-hmm.
Chloé::: Oh! I'm so embarrassed. That film's ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous. I realize that now.
Ladybug::: Don't worry Chloé. You can fix your own messes, if that's what you want. You, too, can serve a purpose, but you have to want to.
Chloé:::I do want to.
Ladybug::: Chloé Bourgeois,here is the Bee Miraculous, which grants you the power to immobilize your opponent. You will use it for the greater good.
Pollen::: At your service, my Queen.
Ladybug::: Once the job is complete, you will return the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you, Chloé?
Chloé:::I won't disappoint you this time, Ladybug.
Chloé::: Pollen, buzz on!
Queen Bee::: I've always dreamed of doing this… with you!
Ladybug::: We must work together as a team, all right, Queen Bee?
Queen Bee::: Yes, yes, don't worry. I've been practicing since forever.
Roger:::Mr. Mayor— I mean, Malediktator— you are surrounded. Please renounce your akuma and… we'll forget this ever happened.
Audrey:::Oh! Would you like some tea?
Malediktator::: It's okay, honey. They've got more important things to do. By the power vested in me, I declare that you are my shield. 
Roger and other guards::: None shall pass, Malediktator.
Ladybug::: Here's the plan—
Queen Bee:::Here I am, Daddy! I'm sorry I hurt your feelings the way I did. Stop all this nonsense at once!
Audrey::: My honey pie, you look so pretty in that suit!
Queen Bee::: Ugh! And please put Mom back to normal. I can't bear to see her like this. Your powers are ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous.
Malediktator:::That's enough! Now you're going to do what I tell you to do. By the power vested in me, give me your Miraculous!
Hawk Moth:::You won't pull it off like that! People only respect absolute power!
Malediktator::: You're right, Hawk Moth. By the power vested in me, I declare you all MY SLAVES! 
Queen Bee::: That bubble is going to be a tough one to dodge!
Ladybug::: He's gonna take over the whole city!
Ladybug::: You need to get past his guards. huge gun with laser sight appears)
Queen Bee::: Well, that's an effective Lucky Charm!
Ladybug::: No way I'd use one of those.
Queen Bee::: Are you sure?
Ladybug::: Yeah! You just need to take the sting out.
Queen Bee::: Venom!
Ladybug::: Focus on Malediktator; I'll deal with the guards.
Malediktator::: No, no! Oh!But! But!
Queen Bee::: Sorry, Daddy!Your turn, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye, bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Audrey:::Wha—? What are we doing here?! What have you done this time, André?
Cat Noir::: Ah, bummer; don't tell me I missed out on the party.
Ladybug::: Yep, you missed Queen Bee and Ladybug saving Paris, for real this time.
Queen Bee::: I understand, Ladybug. Buzz off. 
Chloé:::Being a superhero isn't only about fixing messes. 
Chloé and Ladybug:::Pound it!
Audrey::: Utterly ridiculous.
Chloé::: Mommy, Daddy! Come on, let's go home. 
Cat Noir::: Sorry, M'Lady. Feel like I was pretty useless this time around.
Ladybug::: Actually, you were totally key in defeating Malediktator.
Cat Noir::: Really? Tell me all about it!
Ladybug:::Next time. Bug out! 
Master Fu::: You took a big risk entrusting this Miraculous to Chloé Bourgeois. Do you really think she's got what it takes to be a superhero?
Marinette::: Yes, I do. Ladybug has made me a better Marinette. So, perhaps being Queen Bee will make her a better Chloé, too!
Master Fu::: That's very noble of you, Marinette.
Chloé::: It's okay, Jean-Yves; I'll take care of it.
Butler Jean::: Mademoiselle, are you sure?
Chloé::: Yes, I need to do it myself.
Marinette::: Chloé?
Chloé:::Dupain-Cheng?
Chloé::: All right, I came to your stupid party… now what?
Marinette::: Look there, we're having a party in honor of the girl who saved Paris: Queen Bee!
Chloé:::But— Queen Bee is… me. You're— you're having a party… for me?
Sabrina:::Chloé! I thought I'd lost you! 
Chloé:::Okay, no need to make a big thing of it. Ugh! Besides, you're wrinkling my clothes.
Sabrina::: Sorry…
Chloé:::All right, all right, let me go. I wanna show you the diamond phone case Daddy gave me.Your daddy wouldn't be able to buy you one of these, would he?
Adrien:::It was really cool of you to put this party together for Chloé.
Marinette::: Well, she did save Paris, so… she just may be able to save herself, too. Am I right?
Alya::: Rena Rouge and Carapace helped Ladybug save Paris, but nobody threw them a party. 
Marinette::: That's because we don't know their true identities, unlike Chloé. If she feels like she can be useful, I'm sure she'll change her attitude.
Alya::: Mm-hmm?
Marinette::: Well… baby steps… baby steps.
