Prime Queen::: Don't be bemused, it's just the news! Thank you for joining us for this very special program. You will have the chance to witness the victory of our great leader, Scarlet Moth! 
Akumatized villains::: Hail Scarlet Moth! Hail Scarlet Moth! Hail Scarlet Moth!
Prime Queen:::Today shall be known as... Villains Day!
Catalyst::: It's time, Scarlet Moth.
Akumatized villains::: Hail Scarlet Moth! 
Scarlet Moth::: Ladybug. Cat Noir. I can feel your close presence. If you want to save Paris and all its people, I'll give you one last chance. Give yourselves up and bring me your Miraculous! 
Cat Noir::: Penny for your thoughts, M’lady?
Ladybug::: It's like he's been preparing for this for a long time. But we...we're not prepared for this.
Cat Noir::: Yes, we are! We've already fought them all and we won! And there are five of us this time!
Ladybug::: If we want to win, we have to defeat Hawk Moth, even though we've never fought him before.Hawk Moth! I hope you enjoyed Volpina's illusion because the real Ladybug will never hand you over her Miraculous!
Cat Noir:::And we've got a better idea! You're gonna give us your Miraculous!
Carapace:::You may have an army of akumatized warriors...
Rena Rouge::: ...but we're a whole team of superheroes!
Queen Bee:::You're going to wish you never wore that utterly ridiculous costume!
Scarlet Moth:::I understand you want to fight. Then so be it. Guitar Villain. Frightningale. Music! 
Guitar Villain::: Awesome Solo!
Prime Queen::: And so it begins. The Scarlet Army is on its way to crush these pathetic Miraculous holders. 
Ladybug::: Don't forget our main objective. We want to get to Hawk Moth.
Cat Noir::: Well, it's a simple plan then. Go for the big bad boss.
Rena Rouge::: Let's get him!
Carapace::: I'll cover you!
Queen Bee::: You can count on me, Ladybug. 
Stormy Weather::: Cyclone! 
The Pharaoh::: Horus! Give me your wings! 
Stormy Weather::: Thunderbolt! 
Ladybug::: Carapace! Shield!Your swords are no match for Cat Noir! Show them what you got!
Ladybug::: Queen Bee, Pharaoh's pendant! 
Cat Noir::: Well done!
Ladybug:::Rena Rouge, rescue!
Rena Rouge::: Good aim, Chloé! 
Princess Fragrance::: NO! 
Queen Bee::: It's Queen Bee to you, Fox! 
Cat Noir::: We make a pretty cool team.
Ladybug::: Not bad! But it's not over yet.
Scarlet Moth::: It's all going to plan, Catalyst. 
Catalyst::: Nothing's more delightful than leading them to believe that they actually have a chance of winning when their future has already been decided!
Scarlet Moth::: Over to you, Dark Cupid.
André::: People of Paris. Just like our superheroes, we will never give in to evil and villainy. Together we shall resist! Together we will triumph!Huh? Ahem. Yes, honey?
Audrey::: What are you doing? Hurry up, André!
André::: Yes, yes, my dear. I'm on my way.Meanwhile, I will supervise Paris' defense... from my helicopter!Thank you! 
André:::Audrey, my darling. Where's our Chloé?
Audrey::: Out playing superheroes again probably.
André::: Chloé shouldn't be playing the superheroine!
Audrey::: It's unacceptable! Utterly unacceptable!
Butler Jean::: Mademoiselle will have to be punished. 
Scarlet Moth::: Nice work, Dark Cupid. The Bourgeois family is now in place to follow my plan.Hahahaha!
Scarlet Moth::: Style Queen, Malediktator, Despair Bear. 
Scarlet Moth::: Chloé never does what she's told, huh? Well now I'm giving you the power to punish her once and for all! 
Stormy Weather::: There's bad weather on the way! 
Cat Noir:::Your forecast was wrong, Ice Queen!Gotcha! 
Rena Rouge::: 
Ladybug::: Your days of attacking innocent people will soon be over, Hawk Moth. Lucky Charm!Get ready! I'm gonna need all of you!
Scarlet Moth::: The time has come, Dark Cupid.
Ladybug::: What?
Prime Queen::: What an incredible twist! Those lousy heroes didn't even see it coming!
Cat Noir::: Hawk Moth is using Dark Cupid to create all the negative emotions he needs.
Carapace::: It's a nightmare!
Ladybug::: Stay focused, guys! Villains must never prevail!
Scarlet Moth::: Fall on them like rain, my scarlet akumas! 
Ladybug::: Huh?Watch out!
Cat Noir::: Oh no.
Prime Queen:::Now watch Scarlet Moth's relentless plan to get rid of your precious protectors. Mwahahahaha!
Rena Rouge::: Carapace, watch out! 
Carapace::: Rena? No! Not you!
Rena Rouge:::Hands off!You flyweight!
Ladybug:::Rena Rouge, don't let any negative emotions take over you, or you might get akumatized too, and that's exactly what Hawk Moth wants!
Carapace:::Hold on!
Rena Rouge::: You are not cut out to be a hero!Let go of me, you weakling!
Carapace::: Shh. Easy.
Queen Bee::: You don't have to worry about me, Ladybug! I'll never let my emotions get the better of me!
Scarlet Moth::: You should never say... never.
Style Queen & Malediktator::: Chloé! 
Queen Bee::: Daddy? Mommy?!
Ladybug::: Queen Bee! Focus!
Malediktator::: By the power vested in me, stop playing superheroes! 
Rena Rouge:::I am now... Rena Rage!
Carapace::: NOOOOOO! 
Ladybug::: Carapace, no!
Shell Shock::: There is no more Carapace. There is only Shell Shock! 
Despair Bear:::Stop! 
Cat Noir::: Queen Bee!
Queen Wasp::: That's Queen Wasp to you, Cockroach! 
Cat Noir::: This might be a good time to use that Lucky Charm of yours, don't you think?
Ladybug::: I need all of us to make it work! I can't do anything with it now!
Scarlet Moth::: Game, set, and match, Ladybug. 
Cat Noir::: I don't see how we're going to get out of this one, M’lady. 
Ladybug::: We can't lose hope, or we'll get akumatized, too.
Cat Noir::: Pretty cataclysmic situation, huh?
Ladybug:::Cataclysm! That's it! Beneath us, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: Of course. Cataclysm! 
Prime Queen::: No more Ladybug and Cat Noir! Have they destroyed themselves or...?
Ladybug::: I'm about to transform back. I'll go this way. You go that way. 
Marinette::: That was a close one. 
Cat Noir::: Claws in! 
Adrien:::Enjoy it, but don't take too long. We don't have much time.
Plagg::: Let's share it.You're gonna need it, too.
Adrien::: Thank you, Plagg. 
Scarlet Moth::: Animan, track down Ladybug and Cat Noir. They must not escape.
Adrien::: You okay, Ladybug?
Marinette::: Hawk Moth has never re-akumatized so many people in one go. Something's changed. 
Adrien::: Maybe he's figured out how to boost his powers, just like we did. 
Marinette::: You still think we can win?
Adrien:::Like you said, we can't lose hope. People are relying on us.
Marinette:::But our team crumbled.
Adrien::: Then let's go back to what's always worked. A duo. You and me against the world, m'lady. 
Marinette:::They're coming! 
Adrien::: You like water rides? 
Marinette:::Don't forget to put your diving gear on.Tikki, power-up! 
Adrien::: Plagg, power-up! 
Aquabug::: Syren!
Animan::: 
Aqua Noir::: Better get fishing. 
Aqua Noir::: It's gonna take a lot of time to de-akumatize all these villains one by one. 
Aquabug::: Which is exactly why we have to take on Hawk Moth directly. He's using his cane to re-akumatize his victims. If we can destroy it, he won't have an army fighting for him anymore. 
Scarlet Moth:::Behold my triumph, Parisians! Your champions are trapped!
Aquabug & Aqua Noir:::Spots Off!/Claws In! 
Ladybug:::You sure don't want to miss what's coming next! Time to show everyone that the real Ladybug is back! 
Nora::: Look! The heroes are back.
Scarlet Moth::: Stop filming, Prime Queen!
Darkblade::: No more escaping for you knaves. Down with the enemy!
Ladybug::: I suggest we take a little detour.
Cat Noir::: Couldn't agree more, M’lady.
Cat Noir::: Any miraculous ideas, M’lady?
Ladybug::: Besides running and surviving you mean?
Nora::: Parisians, we can be heroes just for one day!
Parisians::: Yeah! Yes! Yes!
Darkblade::: What? A revolution?! Charge!
Gina::: Are you okay? 
Marlena::: It's awesome seeing you guys again!
Gina::: Parisians are all on your side.
Marlena::: We will slow them down. You two go save the world!
Ladybug::: You are all fantastic. Thank you! Take care!
Cat Noir::: Thank you! 
Scarlet Moth::: Get them my giants. Destroy Ladybug and Cat Noir! And anyone else who tries to stand in your way!
Scarlet Giants::: 
Parisian::: Hey! 
Gigantitan::: Car... Vroom! Vroom!
Cat Noir::: People are amazing!
Ladybug::: That’s precisely why you should never give up hope, kitty!
Scarlet Moth::: They’re more resistant than I expected.
Catalyst::: But we still have the last phase of our plan.
Scarlet Moth::: 
Ladybug::: Take care of the ice cream man, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: With pleasure! All this fighting has made me hungry.
Scarlet Moth::: 
Ladybug::: It's down to the three of us, Hawk Moth!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!It's a sign, Hawk Moth. A sign that your Miraculous will wind up inside this box!
Scarlet Moth::: Are you sure you're not making a serious mistake? How would you know if the wish I was planning to make with your Miraculous wouldn't have been beneficial to everyone?
Ladybug::: If you were to make a wish, there'd be a price to pay. Why don't you tell us your wish, Hawk Moth?
Scarlet Moth::: Give me your Miraculous and you'll find out.
Volpina::: Unlike you, I'm not afraid to use these powers.
Scarlet Moth::: Since you are so good, why didn't bother to try and change the world for the better?
Ladybug::: We are changing the world every day by our actions. Not just by wishing it at the expense of innocent citizens!
Cat Noir::: Whatever your wish it can only be evil judging the by the havoc you wreak.
Catalyst::: The time has come! You are about to triumph at last.
Ladybug:::It's not too late. You can fight for good, with us.
Scarlet Moth::: No!
Ladybug::: You're such a coward, Hawk Moth!
Cat Noir::: But there's no hiding this time!
Hawk Moth::: No!
Catalyst::: NO! Argh! Ah!
Hawk Moth::: Alright, kids. Watch what a man who's got nothing to lose can do!
Hawk Moth:::You're never going to win. Not today or any other day. You're still so green, young superheroes. You can't even stay transformed after you've used your powers. 
Rena Rouge::: Need a hand? 
Ladybug:::You're caught in our net, Hawk Moth. You're not going anywhere! 
Queen Bee::: Venom! I'll paralyze him, then he'll be all yours, Ladybug. 
Mayura:::Hawk Moth.I am Mayura. You're up against the wall, plagued by your deepest, darkest despair. Let me help you.
Hawk Moth::: No, don't do that!
Mayura::: Let your despair be embodied in a powerful protection.
Ladybug::: What is that monster? 
Ladybug:::A feather! The second Miraculous that Master Fu lost...
Cat Noir::: ...was a Peacock!
Queen Bee::: Ladybug! Hawk Moth! 
Cat Noir::: He must've escaped when that monster appeared.
Ladybug::: Hawk Moth is no longer working alone. He had help from the owner of the Peacock Miraculous.Maybe this will help us track him. 
Hawk Moth::: 
Nooroo::: Master?
Rena Rouge::: There goes our last chance of finding him.
Ladybug::: He must have de-transformed.We've got to split guys. But before that, Miraculous Ladybug!
Master Fu:::Thank you, Marinette. 
Gabriel::: I told you never to use the Peacock Miraculous!
Nathalie::: I had no choice, sir. I had to save you! 
Gabriel::: It's damaged. It's way too dangerous.
Nathalie::: I want to help you all the way to the end. 
Gabriel:::Thank you, Nathalie.For everything.
Chloé:::There's no way I'm trying your homemade stuff. Too risky! 
Alya::: Taken.Taken as well, but there's a free seat over there. 
Mylène::: Here! Here! Here! 
Adrien:::May I?
Marinette::: No. Um, go away. No, I mean, go ahead. Please stand, I mean, sit.
Adrien::: Thanks.Oh no. My father wants me to attend a charity event he's throwing. I can't stay.I wanted to tell you. Rose was right earlier. You're always helping people. Like that day you helped Juleka overcome her class photo curse. Or when you partnered Nathaniel and Marc together to make that comic book. Or when you helped me get to the movies so that I could see my mother on the screen. That's why everyone jumped at the chance to help you with the picnic. So today, it was our turn to help you. You're our everyday Ladybug. Have a good evening, Super-Marinette. 
Marinette:::Adrien!Uh... I, uh...
Miss Bustier's class::: 
Marinette:::Thank you!
Adrien:::You're welcome, Marinette. 
