Mylène:::I'm not scared, I can do this.I'm not scared, I can do this. I'm not scared, I can do this.I'm not scared, I can do this.
Mylène::: Sorry, it took me so long, Teddy Bear.
Ivan::: No worries, you were quicker than ever. You keep getting better and better at this. I love you, little mouse.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Some time ago, during our Space Dumpster Program, I promised Parisians the end of pollution. And now I'm keeping that promise with Project Oxygen!
Mylène and Ivan:::Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen!
Mayor Bourgeois:::Officer Roger, please deal with those protesters.
Roger::: But Mr. Mayor, they're just kids.
Mayor Bourgeois::: They're protesters. Just do your job.
Mylène and Ivan::: Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! Stop-
Roger::: Kids, uh, you need to leave now.
Mylène::: We can't, Officer. This is too important. They're planning to cut all these trees down.
Roger::: Yeah, but ultimately, there'll be less pollution.
Mylène:::No, there won't! That's just what they want you to think.
Mayor Bourgeois:::Roger! Your job is not to chit-chat with the troublemakers but to maintain order.
Roger::: Come on, kids. Let's be reasonable.
Mylène and Ivan:::Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! 
Roger:::Sorry, kids. I don't have a choice. I'm escorting you home to your parents. 
Marinette::: Tikki, what should I do? Should I transform?
Tikki::: I don't know, Marinette. Usually, the police deal with bad guys, but Mylène and Ivan are good guys, right?
Tom:::Marinette!
Marinette:::I'm gonna be late again! Quick, Tikki! 
Miss Bustier::: Marinette Dupain Cheng? 
Marinette:::Present. 
Miss Bustier::: Mylène Haprèle?Mylène?
Marinette::: She's not here. Officer Roger took her and Ivan home because, they were holding a sit-in and blocking a bulldozer.
Miss Bustier::: What? 
Alya:::Well, they must have been protesting the city's plan to rehabilitate Place des Vosges.
Kim:::What does rehabilitate mean?
Alya:::It says here, Project Oxygen will be a breath of fresh air for Paris.
Marinette::: A breath of fresh air? It's weird that Mylène and Ivan would be against it.
Miss Bustier:::Regardless Officer Roger has made a huge mistake. 
Roger::: Miss Bustier, is there a problem with Sabrina?
Miss Bustier::: No, your daughter is fine. However, there is a problem with Ivan and Mylène. They weren't doing anything wrong, were they?
Roger::: Well, it's complicated. I'm escorting them home, just following orders.
Miss Bustier::: Well, I'm ordering you to bring them back to Place des Vosges. I'm coming to get them.Follow me, children. Today's class will be dedicated to civics education with real-life practical experience. 
Alya:::Hey, Ladybloggers! Just because there aren't any supervillains attacking Paris right now doesn't mean there's nothing super going on.We've never seen Miss Bustier so worked up, so get ready to see some action. Stay connected, peeps!
Hessenpy::: The chainsaw is in good condition.It will be operated only by an adult who has read the instruction manual.Everything's in order, you may proceed. 
Miss Bustier::: Mr. Mayor, what are you doing?!
Mayor Bourgeois::: I am rehabilitating the Place des Vosges square.
Miss Bustier::: By cutting down a tree?!
Mayor Bourgeois::: Yes, but, I- 
Roger::: Shh! Shh! Uhhh, Miss Bustier told me to do it.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Who pays your salary, Roger?!
Roger::: You do, Mr. Mayor. I, I mean, Paris City Hall does.
Mayor Bourgeois::: You obey me! Take those troublemakers right back home!
Miss Bustier::: Roger, don't do this!
Roger:::Whose orders am I supposed to follow?
Mylène::: Stop Project Oxygen!
Mayor Bourgeois::: You see? I can't rehabilitate in peace. They're disrupting my ceremony.
Mylène::: That's because your project is unethical and uneco-friendly!
Mayor Bourgeois::: Nonsense! Look here! 
Commercial::: Because air is life, the city is teaming up with Paris's most significant investors.To transform pollution into pure fresh air, that will then be sold in unique container designed by fashion mogul, Gabriel. 
Adrien::: Oxygen isn't just a breath of fresh air. It's life itself. 
Commercial::: Oxygen! Get a whiff of life. 
Marinette:::He is so beautif-Oh, I meant, it… is so beautiful, your commitment… to save the planet.
Adrien::: Father told me it was an ad for a new cologne.
Kim::: So that's rehabilitating? It actually looks kinda cool.
Nino::: Yeah, what's not ecological about it, Mylène?
Rose::: It's super eco-friendly, it'll de-pollute the air in Paris and make it fresh! 
Mylène:::You're letting yourselves be fooled by pretty pictures shown like that. Project Oxygen seems great, but when you look closer at the details, it just doesn't hold up. In reality, they're cutting downour best natural filters, trees.And replacing them with artificial filters, their tower, and making us pay for all of it.Mr. Mayor, instead of destroying all these trees, wouldn't it be better to build more parks?
Mayor Bourgeois::: Well-
Chloé:::Who cares about a lame ugly tree when you can have a gorgeous designer container from Adrikins' daddy, Gabriel instead?Besides, there'll be a tree on the label, much prettier than the real thing.
Mayor Bourgeois::: And the floor in the tower will be built with recycled wood from the trees we cut down. Very eco-friendly.
Chloé::: And real trees have to be watered. Talk about wasting water! 
Marinette::: Mayor Bourgeois, perhaps Mylène and Ivan have misunderstood your project. Do you really want to take away the trees, a natural and cost-free air filter, and replace them with a tower that will absorb polluted air? So that afterwards, you can clean the air and sell it back in plastic bottles. The same bottles which will become trash and pollute our oceans?
Mayor Bourgeois::: Yes, that’s it.Uh, I mean, no. Of course not! It’s not that simple. Ecology is complicated, especially for children your age. Leave these things to the adults.
Alya::: So actually, your project is all about cutting down our trees and closing our favorite park. 
Miss Bustier::: And if Mylène and Ivan are trying to stop this, then we are on their side.
Marinette::: It’s true. The Mayor’s solution for fighting pollution is misguided.
Mylène::: Like so many other so-called miracle solutions that are supposed to deal with ecological problems, the thing is there’s never just one simple solution that can fix everything. What we need are lots of small solutions that can tackle the problem all at the same time. That’s why there has to be a lot of us all working together.
Marinette::: Good thing you and Ivan got involved to stop this, but why didn’t you guys tell us about it? The whole class would have come with you. 
Mylène::: We did, Marinette.We've been demonstrating against Project Oxygen for the past six months and we did everything we could to get your attention.
Marinette::: We're so sorry. We were just so busy doing... I don't know what it was we were doing.
Rose::: We're so lame.
Mayor Bourgeois::: This is all very touching but I've got a project to launch.
Mylène:::Stop Project Oxygen! 
Class::: Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen!
Mayor Bourgeois:::Come on! Will you just let me rehabilitate in peace!
Sabine::: Tom, isn't that Marinette there?
Fred:::Mylène?
Nora::: What's this clown up to? Hang on, I'm coming down.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Roger, do something, will you?!
Roger::: To tell you the truth, Mr. Mayor, I've been thinking and it seems like these kids are onto something.
Mayor Bourgeois::: You're not paid to think, Roger, but to obey!
Tom::: You lost your mind, Mr. Mayor? These are just kids!
Fred::: I support my daughter one hundred percent.
Nora::: No one's messing with any trees on my watch!
Mayor Bourgeois::: I'm trying to help you people!Ah, you're all being ridiculous!
Adrien:::Sorry, Mayor Bourgeois, but we can't let you do this. 
Wayhem:::Adrien wants to save the trees, we're gonna save the trees! 
Nadja::: Mr. Mayor, it seems everyone is opposed to Project Oxygen, including Adrien Agreste, even though his own father is involved. Are you going to resign?
Mayor Bourgeois::: Yes, I mean no, I don't know.
People in the video::: Stop Project Oxygen! Stop Project Oxygen! 
Mayor Bourgeois:::Gabriel, it's André. I'm a bit overwhelmed here with our project, I need your help.
Gabriel::: Don't worry, André. I'm sure you'll find a way to change people's minds. When one fights for a good cause, one always finds a solution.And if you don't find a solution, my old friend, destiny will come to your aid. 
Nadja::: Mr. Mayor, it's just been confirmed that citizens are banding together all over Paris to protect the trees. What do you have to say?
Shadow Moth::: A powerful man rendered powerless. His plans disappear into thin air. This calls for the strongest of actions.Amok, akuma, go forth and evilize our dear Mayor. 
Shadow Moth:::Malediktator, I am Shadow Moth. They're challenging your authority? Why bother trying to convince them when you can make them change their minds?
Mayor Bourgeois::: I'd like to, Shadow Moth, but I can't be everywhere and control all my fellow citizens at once.
Shadow Moth::: You can't do this alone, but it's only because you're lacking a good deputy. I'm giving you the power to create your own sentimonster to assist you. This will allow you to be everywhere at once and force everyone to agree with you. All I ask in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. 
Mayor Bourgeois::: Excellent political strategy, Shadow Moth.Greetings, my fellow citizens!By the power vested in me, Mega Leech, clone me! 
Mini-Malediktator::: Here I am, my fellow citizens! 
Mini-Malediktator:::Now, fellow citizens!
Nino:::I will be everywhere!
Reporters::: Everywhere! 
Kim::: Oh, so that's rehabilitating.I'm root for clean air, my fellow citizens! 
Max:::You've got it, my fellow citizens!
Ivan::: NOOOOOO!And I find that! Long live Project Oxygen, my fellow citizens!
Ivan::: 
Adrien::: Come on!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Mini-Malediktator::: Oh, I forbid you to touch me, my fellow citizen!
Cat Noir::: And I forbid you to forbid me, Mr. Mini-Mayor! 
Alya:::Get Cat Noir, my fellow citizens! 
Shadow Moth:::Malediktators, seize his Miraculous!
Cat Noir:::I don't know where you are, but I can sure use a helping claw, m'lady.
Marinette:::Come on, quick-
Mylène:::Marinette, we can't stay here!Follow me!Come on, we can hide down there.
Marinette::: Oh, yeah, but I... I can't. I... I'm afraid of sewers.
Mylène::: There's no shame in being afraid, Marinette. I'm scared, too, of the dark, of humidity, of germs, and even mice! I was really frightened about protesting this morning but I plucked up my courage, and managed to do it anyway. Now we've got to escape and find a way to help the others. If you ever get too scared, just hold this badgeand remember, fear is a natural reflex but you can overcome it.
Marinette:::How am I gonna do this? Oh, I know!Oh, no! A Mini-Malediktator! Get away, Mylène!I made up! Help us to de-pollute Paris, my fellow citizens!I know, that wasn't very cool, but I had no choice. Come on, Tikki, we need Ladybug!Spots on! 
Cat Noir::: M'lady! Thanks for dropping by. 
Ladybug::: That was a close one.
Mini-Malediktator::: Hey, let me go!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!An ice skate?
Mini-Malediktator::: Release me! You must respect my authority, my fellow citizen! I demand that you stop! 
Cat Noir::: You make it look so simple, m'lady.
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to deevilize!Gotcha!Bye, bye!Miraculous-
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, look! It didn't work.
Clones::: Take their Miraculous, my fellow citizens! 
Ladybug::: The akumas and the amoks must have multiplied at the same time as the Malediktators, capturing just one doesn't solve the problem. There are millions of them!
Cat Noir::: So what's the miracle solution, m'lady?
Ladybug::: The thing is there's no one miracle solution. What we need are lots of small solutions that can all tackle at the same time. That's why there has to be a lot of us working together. And I know who can help us! Buy us some time, Kitty Cat.
Cat Noir::: How come I'm always the one who has to buy some time? Catch you later! Woohoo!
Ladybug:::Mylène?
Mylène::: Don't waste your time on me, Ladybug. This is all my fault. I wanted to save the trees and because of me, everyone is uprooting them. If I hadn't gotten involved, none of this would have happened.
Ladybug::: You're wrong. You're not the problem, you're the solution. You've got great ideas.Mylène Haprèle, here is theMiraculous of-
Mylène:::No, Ladybug! I can't be a superhero. I'm scared of everything. Look, I have a badge for my fear of water, one for my fear of beasts. I need a necklace to help me get over my fear of badges!
Ladybug::: Do you realize how many fears you've managed to overcome? The objects that help you get over your fears are just like the Miraculous and you fight everyday to defend a cause without anyone noticing. That's just like having a secret identity. And this, you already are a superheroine. You just need one last badge.Mylène Haprèle, I am proud to entrust you with the Miraculous of the mouse. You will use it for the greater good.
Mullo::: BOO! 
Ladybug::: Mullo, that's not nice.True courage is not the absence of fear. It's persevering even though you're scared.
Mullo::: You only have to say one thing. Mullo, get squeaky!
Mylène::: Mullo, get squeaky! 
Polymouse::: Wow! 
Ladybug::: With you here, I know that we can do this.This will help each other Mini-Malediktators' sashes.You'll release the amok and akuma from every Mini-Malediktator in Paris by calling upon your special power of Multiplication.
Polymouse::: But what about the sentimonster? It'll just clone more.
Ladybug::: You free the Parisians, I'll deal with the sentimonster.
Polymouse::: How are you gonna do that?
Ladybug::: We just need a lot of people to take on the problem at the same time.
Polymouse::: That's what I always say about the fight for the environment.
Ladybug::: I told you, you have great ideas.
Ladybug::: It's the only way to quickly spread your powers throughout Paris. It's natural to be scared but you can...
Polymouse::: ...overcome my fear and go on despite it. I know. I'm not scared, I can do this. I'm not scared, I can do this. I'm not scared, I can do this!Multitude! 
Polymouse:::Stop Project Oxygen!
Mini-Malediktator::: Nothing will stop Protect Oxygen.Where is my- 
Mini-Mayor Bourgeois::: What am I doing here?Who are you? Why are we all so little?
Ladybug::: It's all good. We've got some backup now. 
Cat Noir::: I've got her, my fellow citizens!
Shadow Moth:::Bravo, Malediktator! Take her Miraculous! 
Polymouse::: Yoohoo! 
Cat Noir::: M'lady? What just happened?
Ladybug::: You were under the control of a Mini-Malediktator, and you really need to work on your jokes.
Cat Noir::: Guess I gotta buy more time?
Ladybug::: Just enough for me to get the whole team together. 
Cat Noir::: Hey, guys, wait up!Group pose! 
Ladybug::: Pegasus, teleport Vesperia!
Pegasus::: Voyage! 
Vesperia:::Venom! 
Ladybug::: You're up, Ryuko!
Ryuko::: Wind Dragon! 
Ladybug::: Carapace!
Carapace::: Shell-ter! 
Ladybug:::Time...to...de-evilize!Bye, bye! 
Polymouse::: Thank you, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!
All seven::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: Mr. Mayor, this is a Magical Charm. It will protect you from becoming Shadow Moth's victim ever again.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Thank you, Ladybug. I really am so sorry. It's a good thing you were here to protect Paris.
Ladybug::: I'm still worried about something, Mayor. What's gonna happen with Project Oxygen?
Mayor Bourgeois::: Well, uh..., it will have to be re-examined by a commission of experts but...
Ladybug::: We're all counting on you to do the right thing. 
Ladybug::: You've been incredibly courageous today, Mylène. You should be proud of yourself. Bug out! 
Shadow Moth::: Thanks to your allies, you stole my victory from me today, Ladybug. But I'm already marching towards the next battle. And this time, I'll be the victorious one.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Parisians, I have heard the voices of our young people. They are our future, the future where the Place des Vosges will remain and the trees will continue to clean our air. 
Hessesnpy:::This shovel is in good condition and will be operated only by an adult who has read the instruction manual. You may proceed. 
Miss Bustier::: On behalf of your constituents, Mr. Mayor. I'd like to thank you for the wise decision you've just made.
Mayor Bourgeois::: I only did what was right, Miss Bustier.
Marinette::: Congratulations, Mylène! You and Ivan won the battle.
Mylène::: We all won together, Marinette.
Mayor Bourgeois:::Goodness, it really is quite difficult to plant a tree.
Mylène::: We'll help you, Mr. Mayor.
Marinette::: It's good that we finally opened our eyes even though you looked gorgeous in that commercial.
Adrien::: What was that, Marinette?
Marinette::: Uh, nothing! I just wanted to say that it was great that we all opened our eyes to the complex problems that were hiding behind that gorgeous commercial. That's what I meant, and not at all what I said before. 
Gabriel::: Adrien, you took a stand against me today.
Adrien::: I didn't take a stand against you, Father. I took a stand against a project that my friend showed me that was bad for Paris and for the planet.
Gabriel:::Adrien. Go to your room.
Adrien:::Yes, Father. 
