Marinette::: Experiencing loss is a part of life. But good things come, too. Expect the unexpected, and embrace it.
Hawk Moth::: Use them well, My Queen. 
Miracle Queen::: Sting them! Sting them all! Make them mine!
Marinette::: Each first-time is an adventure. 
Marinette::: And who knows how far these adventures will lead you.
Marinette::: You find people to whom you entrust your heart as much as they entrust theirs to you.
Marinette::: That trust is sometimes broken, but it can always be restored. 
Marinette::: Yes, sometimes the road can be winding. You might even get lost along the way. But with the help from the right people, you'll always find your destination.
Marinette::: Sorry I- I don't why I did that.
Luka::: Are you okay?
Marinette::: Yes. Thank you, Luka. Oh, uh, by the way, did you find that perfect tune you were looking for?
Luka::: I think I did, yeah. But are you sure you really want to hear it? You're still thinking of Adrien, aren't you?Marinette! 
Marinette::: Luka? Oh, no! Not those again! Tikki, we have to take shelter! Power-up!Aqua-Tikki, spots on! 
Aquabug::: I should have known that Hawk Moth had a bigger plan all along. The battle's not over!
Adrien::: No. I mean... I mean yes! I mean, it's the first time that I... thought it would be different
Kagami::: So you're not happy.
Adrien::: Yes, I am! It's just that... I think I wasn't really ready. 
Kagami::: So, when will you be ready?Your indecision is hurtful, Adrien.What?! No! 
Adrien::: Kagami!Plagg, lunch time!Aqua Plagg, Claws Out! 
Miracle Queen::: People of Paris, listen to Miracle Queen's first order! From now on, no one will have to keep his identity a secret! All the Miraculous wearers, come to me!
Hawk Moth::: Yes, yes! No more hiding!
Miracle Queen::: Nerdy Max? The fake reporter? DJ headache!? What has possessed Ladybug to choose such losers as her superheroes?Oh, simple, little Kim too! For a moment there, I thought you only had to wear glasses to get a Miraculous.Don't know this one. He's cute. But he gets his clothes from a dumpster! Oh no, not this one!Ugh, my, such ridiculous choices! Utterly ridiculous! Anyway, grab your Miraculous!
Hawk Moth::: Huh? Why don't they take any?
Miracle Queen::: Surely because the Miraculous of the Moron and the Pompous Brat do not exist!
Hawk Moth::: Or maybe someone else is already wearing them.
Miracle Queen::: Come on, hurry up and transform, my pawns!
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce. 
Max::: Kaalki, full gallop. 
Luka::: Sass, scales slither. 
Kim::: Xuppu, Showtime. 
Miracle Queen::: You were once Ladybug and Cat Noir's minions, but from now on, you will be Miracle Queen's royal guard!
Miracle Queen:::Ladybug, Cat Noir, I'm gonna use your own weapons to defeat you. You'll so regret not choosing me!
Hawk Moth::: Mayura! Now it's time to deal with the old guardian. 
Hawk Moth::: Mayura!
Mayura::: I'm all right.
Hawk Moth::: Of all the plans I've concocted, I never wanted this.Forgive me for needing you again one last time.
Mayura::: Don't blame yourself. From the very first day, I knew that I'd do anything for you. 
Mayura:::Little Giant Moth sentimonster) Sentimonster, I am Mayura! You will now obey Hawk Moth!
Hawk Moth::: Destroy the shield! 
Aqua Noir::: Ladybug!
Aquabug::: Cat Noir!
Aqua Noir::: There's something wrong. What did Fu say to you when you gave him back the Dragon Miraculous?
Aquabug::: ...I wasn't able to give it back.
Aqua Noir:::What?
Aquabug::: Master Fu has disappeared! I worry something happened to him!
Aqua Noir::: Huh! You're right!They found Master Fu and the Miracle Box! It's a catastrophe! And I just happen to be an expert in cat things! 
Aquabug::: It's... It's my fault. I didn't transform back before I went to find him. 
Aqua Noir::: What?
Aquabug::: I was... confused. I'm sorry. I'm such a failure. 
Aqua Noir::: Hey! The important thing is to save Master Fu before the sentimonster destroys his shield. And we'll need a focused Ladybug for that. Forget what happened, okay? 
Aquabug::: Thanks, Cat! You're always here for me! 
Aqua Noir::: Always, Little Bug. 
Aquabug::: Okay! We have to free our friends from Miracle Queen. Then we can defeat Mayura, Hawk Moth, and his sentimonster. But first, we gotta neutralize those wasps so we can get out of the water. If we get stung, it's all over.
Aqua Noir::: Sounds easy when you say it!
Aquabug::: Yes! We're gonna make it easier! 
Aqua Noir::: No! It's too dangerous! Too many powers at the same time!
Aquabug::: We don't have a choice!
Longg::: Hmph! I'm ready to fight, Ladybug!
Aquabug and Aqua Noir::: Spots off/Claws in! 
Ladybug::: Tikki, Longg, Unify!
Dragon Bug::: Water Dragon!
Miracle Queen::: Ladybug!
Dragon Bug::: It'll be Dragon Bug to you, Chloé!
Hawk Moth::: A few extra powers aren't going to save you, you know. In a few moments, when the old guardian is too weak and his shield is broken, I'll force him to tell me your secret identities, and it will all be thanks to Ladybug. She led you all to your own doom!
Jade Turtle::: He's trying to divide you! Don't listen to him! I chose you both for a reason! Stay united!
Cat Noir::: It's us against the world!
Dragon Bug::: As always!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug and I never fight each other! We fight together!
Dragon Bug::: Welcome to your Doomsday, Hawk Moth!
Hawk Moth::: You fools! It's time to take action, my Queen!
Miracle Queen::: En garde, my guards! 
King Monkey::: Uproar! 
Pegasus::: Voyage!
Viperion::: Second Chance!
Dragon Bug::: Viperion is by far the most dangerous! You focus on him! Be careful, Cat!
Cat Noir::: Got it! Cataclysm! 
Viperion::: Second Chance! 
Cat Noir::: Got it! Cataclysm! 
Viperion::: Second Chance!
Cat Noir::: Got it! Cataclysm! 
Dragon Bug::: Looks like you forgot about me! But I didn't! 
Miracle Queen:::Useless! That snake is utterly useless!
Dragon Bug::: Cat Noir! It's your turn! 
Cat Noir::: Sass, Plagg, Unify! 
Snake Noir::: Second Chance! 
Miracle Queen::: Stop him! 
Snake Noir::: Dragon Bug! It's an illusion! 
Dragon Bug::: No! 
Snake Noir::: Ladybug! 
Snake Noir::: Dragon Bug! They're illusions! 
Snake Noir::: Dragon Bug! They're illusions!Dragon Bug! Opening! There! 
Miracle Queen::: Pathetic! Is that honestly how you think you- Ew!
Miracle Queen::: No!
Snake Noir::: Haaah! 
Dragon Bug::: Longg, Tikki, Divide! 
Snake Noir::: Sass, Plagg, Divide! 
Ladybug::: No more evildoing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. 
Cat Noir::: Told you! Welcome to your doomsday, Hawk Moth! 
Queen Bee:::Ah! Ah, ah, ah! 
Ladybug:::Hawk Moth is our enemy, Chloé! He can't get ahold of the Miracle Box!
Queen Bee::: I'm not on your side anymore! How many times have I asked to fight alongside you? And how many times have you refused to give me back my Miraculous? How many, huh? Hawk Moth isn't my enemy, he's yours! And the Miracle Box is mine! 
Ladybug:::Chloé! No! Don't do that!
Queen Bee::: Oh, yes I will! I'm going to be the most powerful Miraculous wearer there ever was!
Hawk Moth:::I don't even need to do anything! I knew you were one of us, Chloé Bourgeois!
Queen Bee:::Well, what are you waiting for?! Transform me!
Stompp::: She doesn't even know our names!
Roaar::: And you didn't give the right commands!
Ziggy::: Or say please, for that ma-a-atter! 
Queen Bee::: I am your queen, the queen of the Miraculous! I command you to tell me how you proceed!
Hawk Moth::: There's nothing you can do anyway! I already won!It's moments before the shield caves in. Then the guardian will be at my mercy! Your friends are about to transform back! You're on your own. Checkmate, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: I still have one move left, Hawk Moth! Lucky Charm!A keyring? What am I suppose to do with this?Um...
Hawk Moth:::Nothing! There's nothing you can do! My plan was perfect! You can't beat me! 
Ladybug::: I can't figure it out!
Cat Noir::: Focus! You can do it! 
Ladybug:::I'm sorry! I'm so useless! If I hadn't forgotten to de-transform myself to go see Master Fu-
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, no! 
Ladybug:::-Hawk Moth wouldn't have taken him hostage. He wouldn't have taken the Miracle Box. I'm the worst Ladybug that has ever existed!
Jade Turtle::: Ladybug, you are the best Miraculous holder I've ever met. You made mistakes, but who hasn't? What matters is to fix them. And you always, always miraculously knew how to fix everything, right?
Ladybug::: But what should I do, Master?
Jade Turtle::: You hold all the keys, Ladybug. You always have. And you will be the most magnificent of Guardians.
Hawk Moth:::What!?
Stompp::: Master!
Ziggy::: No!
Roaar::: Don't do it!
Jade Turtle::: I, Wang Fu, hereby relinquish the Miracle Box,and name Ladybug the new Guardian! 
Hawk Moth:::NO!!! 
Wayzz:::Master! 
Queen Bee:::No! It's my Miracle Box, mine! I'm the guardian, I'm the Queen! Hawk Moth, tell him to give me my box back!
Hawk Moth::: How disappointing. 
Cat Noir::: I'll take care of them, you take care of the box! 
Ladybug::: Sorry, but I think this belongs to me now. 
Queen Bee::: I don't need all those stupid Miraculous anyway! I only need the Queen Bee! (throws of all the Miraculouses except for the New York with mommy! And I'll be the one and only Queen Bee there! And I'll save the world all by myself, without you and your ridiculous, poorly chosen friends! Utterly poorly chosen!
Ladybug::: I'm sorry, Chloé, but I can't let you do that. 
Chloé::: Well, if that's the way it is, I'm no longer your fan, Ladybug! I don't love you, anymore! And I'm still going to leave with mommy anyway, because you don't deserve to breathe the same air I do! 
Cat Noir::: Sorry, couldn't catch up with them.
Ladybug::: Master! Master? Wake up!
Gabriel::: Oh, my Nathalie. There are no words to express how sorry I am. I failed yet again, and you have used up every last bit of strength, for nothing.
Nathalie::: No. Not for nothing. There's a deciphered version of the grimoire stored on the Guardian's tablet! Now we can fix the Peacock Miraculous! 
Ladybug::: Master! Master? 
Ladybug::: Oh! Master Fu! 
Master Fu::: Oh! Such pretty costumes! Who are you?
Cat Noir::: Has he... lost his memory?
Wayzz:::It's the rule of the Guardians. Their memory gets erased when they pass on the box, to protect the secret identities of the Miraculous holders.
Ladybug::: It's all good. We're friends, sir!
Master Fu::: Well, nice to meet you!
Wayzz:::Goodbye, Master.
Cat Noir::: Wait! You haven't repaired everything yet. There's still hope!
Ladybug::: Oh! Of course! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug::: Master! Do you remember me?
Master Fu::: I'm sorry to disappoint you, young lady, but this is the first time I've ever set eyes on you.
Ladybug:::Yes, of course.
Cat Noir::: What happened to him has nothing to do with the damages caused by Chloé.
Ladybug::: So my magical ladybugs couldn't do anything.
Master Fu::: It's a shame you threw such a pretty keyring away! I could have used it for my key. They were matching too! 
Chloé:::Mom! I hope Jean-Patrick has finished packing our suitcases! We're leaving right now! 
Mayor Bourgeois::: Chloé! Your mother has decided to stay, after all!
Audrey Bourgeois::: Yes. We've undoubtedly made our share of mistakes along the way, but then who hasn't? What matters is to fix them, right?
Mayor Bourgeois::: Oh! My queen! 
Chloé:::Ew! This is despicable! Utterly despicable! I order you both to fight again!
Marinette::: As we grow old, we realize life doesn't always give us all the gifts we hoped it would. I would have loved to tell you all this in person, Marinette, but if you're reading this, it means I've already lost my memory. But you mustn't be scared, and you mustn't be sad. As I was telling you at the beginning of this letter, experiencing loss is a part of life, but it doesn't define it. Because what really matters isn't whether you win or lose. It's the ability to...
Master Fu::: accept changes in ourselves. It's accepting that even if life doesn't always give us the gifts we were hoping for, the real gift is life itself.
Master Fu::: It's incredible! I've only just met you and yet my heart is beating as if I've known you forever.
Marianne::: You should always trust your heart.
Marinette::: Take this sir, for the journey. 
Master Fu::: Mmm-hmm. Thank you, young lady. I will never forget you. 
Master Fu:::Even if life doesn't always give us the gifts we were hoping for, the real gift is life itself.
Luka::: You okay?
Marinette::: So, how about that tune? Will you let me hear it?
Luka::: Are you sure you really want to hear it? 
Gabriel::: It's perfect!As good as new! 
