Nadja:::...help them defeat the fearsome Destroyer, Ladybug and Cat Noir...
Sabrina:::WHOOOH!
Nadja::: ...with the help of their sidekicks: Rena Rouge and Carapace...
Chloé:::Today's the day.
Nadja::: Let's hope the guardians will defeat this villain soon! Stay tuned for updates. 
Nadja::: The battle between our heroes and Destroyer is in full swing!Oh no! And now Paris' most pointed monument is being ravaged by the horrendous supervillain! 
Chloé::: Ugh, how embarrassing. Without me around, they look ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous.
Sabrina::: Come on, Ladybug! You need help. Come and fetch Chloé!
Sabrina::: Ah! Oh yes, sorry uhm... Come and fetch Queen Bee!
Hawk Moth::: Mayura. Ladybug and Cat Noir are in trouble.
Mayura:::Chloé's already waiting for her like she always does.
Hawk Moth::: Perfect. Be ready in case Ladybug goes and hands her the Bee Miraculous.
Nadja::: Ladybug calls her Lucky Charm and gets... a rubber duck? What is she going to do with that? Will Cat Noir, Rena Rouge, and Carapace...?
Chloé::: Come on! What are you waiting for? You need me!
Nadja::: Okay! Of course! That's brilliant! And Ladybug pulls it off yet again! She defeated Destroyer with the help of all her superhero friends! 
Chloé::: All? ALL!? What about Queen Bee? Ugh! 
Sabrina:::That's really not cool.
Chloé::: Oh, you so don't get it. Ladybug only calls on me when she has serious villains to contend with.
Sabrina::: Uhh, yeah! Of course.
Carapace::: Wayzz, shell off.
Rena Rouge::: Trixx, let's rest.
Ladybug:::And don't forget. Nobody can ever know our secret identities.
Nino::: Except us, of course.
Ladybug:::Thank you, see you next time. 
Cat Noir::: Still haven't spoken to her, huh?
Ladybug::: You know how dangerous it is to use Chloé. Everybody knows that she was Queen Bee, everyone including Hawk Moth. He can use it to trap us. That's why our identities must remain a secret.
Cat Noir::: And the best kept secrets are the ones you don't share, yeah-yeah, I know. I don't think Chloé knows that her time as Queen Bee is over, though.
Ladybug::: I know, I just haven't time to tell her and......and I won't today either, I'm about to transform back! 
Cat Noir::: M'lady... promise me you'll go talk to her. It's the right thing to do.
Ladybug::: Yeah, sure. 
Gabriel::: Chloé Bourgeois must become Queen Bee again!
Nathalie::: Are you still considering making her an ally? I'm afraid Ladybug has grown reluctant to giving Chloé the Bee Miraculous. She's being very careful.
Gabriel::: Then I will get Chloé to force Ladybug to give it to her. All I need is for her to lose all hope in Ladybug. To become angry enough so I can akumatize her. 
Nathalie:::Maybe it's time we bring Lila Rossi's psychological talent into the plan.
Gabriel::: Excellent idea, Nathalie...
Lila::: I really want to thank you for trusting me, Mr. Agreste. I'm very honored to be able to protect Adrien. But I'm saddened by all the people around him. Your son deserves better than that friend of his Nino. Not to mention all the girls clamoring to catch his eye, especially that Marinette dummy and that stuck-up Chloé. Chloé! Pfft! She won't stop bragging about being Queen Bee, but Adrien couldn't care less about these girls. He's just so perfect.
Gabriel::: I don't think Adrien's completely indifferent to Chloé. They've had a very strong friendship ever since they were young - a relationship that no one can ruin. Thank you, Lila. I'll see you tomorrow. 
Lila::: Yes. See you tomorrow.
Gabriel::: I'm sure that this young lady will help us implement our grand plan.
Chloé::: Rena Rouge and Carapace are so tacky. I just don’t understand why Ladybug keeps calling on them and when I, Queen Bee-
Lila::: Good morning, everyone!
Adrien, Nino, and Alya::: Hey, Lila! 
Marinette:::Yeah, let's go study for that test. 
Nino::: What test?
Adrien::: The science test this afternoon.
Nino::: 
Adrien::: Come on. I'll get ya up to speed. 
Lila:::Were you talking about Ladybug?
Chloé::: Uhh... who are you again?
Sabrina::: That’s Lila. She’s in our class!
Chloé::: Really? Well, she clearly didn't make a big impression on me.
Lila:::Oh, I love your sense of humor. I remember now that Ladybug mentioned it a few times.
Chloé::: You talk to Ladybug?
Lila::: Of course! She and I are very close friends. A bit like you used to be back in the day! Whenever I feel like seeing her, I've got a magic command that calls her to me right away.
Chloé::: Magic?
Lila::: Yeah, just like your signal to summon her, except mine works every time.
Chloé:::Well, to each her own. 
Lila::: Don't you want to know what it is?
Chloé:::If you insist.
Lila::: If Ladybug doesn't come to you with that, then you'll know she's not a true friend. 
Marinette:::Go ahead, I'll meet you.
Marinette::: Chloé?
Chloé::: What do you want, Dupain-Cheng?
Marinette::: I don't know what Lila just told you but, you should watch out for her, besides I'm sure Ladybug will come and see you anyway with or without magic.
Chloé::: You making fun of me right now?
Marinette::: No, No! I'm not!
Chloé::: I could see Ladybug WHENEVER I FEEL LIKE IT, OKAY, so mind your own business DUPAIN-CHENG.
Tikki::: You really got to talk to Chloé.
Marinette::: But I just did. It’s pointless, obviously.
Tikki::: No! Marinette talked to Chloé! You know the only person Chloé listens to is Ladybug. 
Marinette:::You’re right.
Hawk Moth::: Our ally is living up to our expectations. I can already feel Chloé's anger rising. Get ready, Mayura.
Mayura::: Yes, Hawk Moth.
Marinette::: It's time.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
August::: Lollipop! Lollipop!
August's mother::: No August, I've told you already. You’re too little to have lollipops.
August::: 
Mayura:::Fly away beautiful Amok. Enhance and hone that frustration. 
Ladybug::: A sentimonster! Sorry, Chloé, you're gonna have to wait a little bit longer. 
Chloé:::Today's the day! 
Butler Jean:::Welcome, ma—
Chloé::: Move, Jean-Gasphard! 
Adrien::: Thank you, I'll be safe now. 
Plagg::: You're right. It's nice and safe in here! How about we just hang and wait for a Camembert monster instead?
Adrien::: If we end up running into one, I promise I'll save you a big chunk. Come on!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Cat Noir::: Look out, M’lady! Lollipops are bad for your teeth.
Ladybug::: I don't see an akumatized person anywhere! Seem like this sentimonster is all on it's own. 
Chloé::: Come on! Hurry!
Nadja:::Don't be bemused, it's just the news! The battle between Ladybug and the lollipop monster has begun!
Sabrina::: You know, if Ladybug doesn't show up, I could go fetch our costumes and we could play dress up.
Chloé::: That's right, go fetch the costumes.
Sabrina::: Yay! 
Chloé::: Come on!
Lila:::I've got a magic command that calls her to me right away. Don't you want to know what it is?
Chloé::: No! That would be ridiculous, utterly ri-Ladybug, Ladybug, Ladybug. 
Butler Jean::: Mademoiselle seemed a little upset eariler. 
Chloé:::Get... lost, Jean Pascal!
Butler Jean:::Mademoiselle needs a few minutes to herself.
Ladybug::: Gotcha! Bye bye, little feather.
Ladybug:::Miraculous Ladybug!
Chloé::: But... I did the magic dance! Ladybug wouldn't have forgotten all about me!That smart aleck idiot at school took me for a ride! 
Hawk Moth::: Yes... I feel the anger rising, my plan is rolling out beautifully.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize her! 
Sabrina:::That's okay. We can still play Ladybug and Cat Noir! 
Chloé::: PLAY? With you!? Who are YOU anyway? You don't have any powers! You're a nobody! I'm a superheroine, okay? I'm Queen Bee! You and I have NOTHING in common! Go away!
Sabrina::: 
Chloé::: No, Hawk Moth! I am a superheroine! I am Queen Bee! Ladybug will come and get me when she needs me! I WILL NEVER JOIN YOU! 
Hawk Moth:::Chloé Bourgeois is really quite... unique. But I can feel a negative emotion not far from her. A friend who could help us achieve our goal. Follow it, my evil akuma!
Sabrina:::Stop tickling me!
Hawk Moth:::Miraculer, your friend has rejected you because she is only interested in other people's powers. Well, I'm giving you the power to steal those powers from them, and win back your friendship. And in return, you will bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Sabrina::: Thank you, Hawk Moth. Chloé and I will be a real team at last! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Cat Noir::: Hey, you're a tad on the late side. The fight was five minutes ago.
Miraculer:::The fight was five minutes ago. Actually, it's right now!You've neglected Chloé one time too many, Ladybug!
Cat Noir:::I guess you didn't work things out with her, did you?
Ladybug::: I was about to, but...
Miraculer:::I was about to, but... Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, I'm gonna transform back at any second.
Miraculer:::Oh, help me, Cat Noir!
Ladybug::: I don't even talk like that! Stop mimicking me! 
Miraculer::: Lucky Charm! 
Ladybug::: What have you done?
Cat Noir::: She's swiped your power! That little copycat! Get backup, I'll take care of her. Cataclysm!
Miraculer::: What's the phrase again? Oh! Cataclysm!Oh, Chloé's gonna love our powers!
Hawk Moth:::I'm sure you're right, Miraculer. Run and find her now.
Cat Noir::: Plagg, claws in. 
Plagg::: So, that's what it feels like to get Cataclysmed. I promise I'll never call the dinosaurs a bunch of wusses ever again.
Adrien::: Plagg, grab some Camembert in my jacket. We'll rest for a while 'til Ladybug comes back.
Master Fu::: Marinette Dupain-Cheng, you must pick an ally you can trust to fight along side you on this mission. Once the mission is over, you will get the Miraculous back and return them to me. 
Marinette::: Miraculer has stolen both of our powers. We're going to need everyone.
Master Fu::: Even... Chloé?
Marinette:::This akumatized person is her best friend. If anyone can help us, it's Chloé.
Cat Noir::: You sure?
Ladybug::: This might be her last mission, but we definitely need her this time. 
Cat Noir::: 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, are you okay?
Cat Noir:::Oh, it's nothing. I just got Cataclysmed in the ribs. I'll be fine.
Ladybug::: I promise you we'll get our powers back, Cat Noir. And I'll heal you.
Cat Noir::: I can't wait. 
Nadja:::We still don't know how Ladybug and Cat Noir are doing after their latest battle.
Miraculer:::Chloé! I have powers now! We can play together again! 
Chloé::: Sabrina?
Miraculer::: I'm Miraculer now!I've stolen Cat Noir and Ladybug's superpowers! Do you want Ladybug's? Then you can be Ladybug, and I'll be Cat Noir! For real! Just like we've always dreamed of!
Chloé::: Not like this! You are so far off the mark! I don't wanna be Ladybug, there's only one Ladybug, and she isn't me. I am-
Cat Noir::: Queen Bee. 
Chloé::: Ugh! About time, too!
Hawk Moth:::Right on time!
Cat Noir::: Hey!
Chloé::: Who are you?
Mayura::: I am Mayura.If you team up with us, your dream will finally come true.
Miraculer::: Don't worry. She's with Hawk Moth and me.
Cat Noir::: Watch out. Your dream sounds more like a nightmare to me.
Miraculer::: You'll be the one living the nightmare, kitty.
Nino::: We're getting good at this.
Alya::: Focus, turtle Boy.
Miraculer::: Lucky Charm!Cataclysm!Ha ha ha ha ha!
Chloé::: We wouldn't be in this situation if you and Ladybug had gotten me sooner.
Cat Noir:::Thanks, Chloé. That's super helpful.
Chloé::: If I had my Bee Miraculous, I could've helped you. I'd have floored those two by now.Finally!
Ladybug:::Shhh! I've got a plan. Just listen.
Miraculer:::Stay still, you mangy cat. Here kitty, kitty, kitty. Come on!
Ladybug:::Sabrina! I've changed my mind. I do want Ladybug's powers. They should've gotten me sooner, but since they chose not to, I've decided I'd rather play with you instead.
Hawk Moth:::Perfect. Just as I planned it. Mayura, grab Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Miraculer:::Oh, I'm so happy. We're going to have so much fun! Here's Ladybug's power. 
Ladybug::: Thank you, Miraculer. I really needed that back.
Chloé:::You confused me for a pathetic illusion, and you claim to be my best friend?
Carapace::: Shell-ter!Not on my watch!
Miraculer::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: I'm sorry, M'lady. I held out for as long as I could.
Miraculer::: Lucky Charm!Cataclysm! 
Rena Rouge::: 
Miraculer::: Shell-ter! 
Hawk Moth:::Come back, Mayura. You've got the Bee Miraculous already. Miraculer will take care of Cat Noir and Ladybug's Miraculous. 
Cat Noir::: I've got this! 
Ladybug::: Lost something?Chloé, follow Mayura.She's probably going back to Hawk Moth.
Chloé:::You won't regret this, Ladybug.
Chloé::: Pollen, buzz on!
Queen Bee::: 
Miraculer::: Chloé! 
Queen Bee::: Where did she go? Ladybug's going to think I'm incompetent!Don't mess with Bee. Stand still!
Mayura:::Let me ask you just one question. Do you enjoy being Ladybug's servant? Having to wait for her to loan you a Miraculous? Wouldn't you rather have boundless powers of your own?
Queen Bee:::Uh, that's three questions.
Mayura::: Come with us, Chloé. You can be Queen Bee whenever you want.
Queen Bee::: Ladybug gave me a new chance, so I'll give her one, too.
Mayura::: You're going to regret this. 
Queen Bee::: You're going to regret underestimating me, you despicable bird!What would happen if I took this from you?Oh no, no, no. Where did she go? Ugh!
Miraculer::: Mirage!Cataclysm!Shell-ter!Good luck getting hold of my akuma now!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!A pillow?
Miraculer::: The more there are of you, the dumber you get!
Ladybug::: What am I supposed to do with this? 
Queen Bee::: Tickles!
Ladybug::: Of course. 
Miraculer:::I thought we were friends!
Queen Bee::: Well, you were wrong. Sabrina is my friend, not Miraculer.
Miraculer:::That tickles!
Ladybug::: Want some more?
Miraculer::: No, no! Shell-ter! 
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, little akuma!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Queen Bee::: Ladybug. Mayura got away from me. I'm sorry, utterly sorry.
Ladybug::: That's okay, Queen Bee. We'll get her next time. 
Queen Bee::: If you'd given it to me earlier, we'd probably would've defeated Hawk Moth. 
Ladybug::: I'm sorry, Chloé. I should've told you this a long time ago. I might never be able to let you be Queen Bee again.
Queen Bee::: What? But I did everything you asked me to.
Ladybug::: I know. But this is for your own safety. It's too dangerous for you and your loved ones because Hawk Moth knows that you're Queen Bee.
Queen Bee::: Buzz off. 
Chloé::: I understand. But I'm sure that you'll need me again, Ladybug. I know that I'll be Queen Bee again someday. I will always be Queen Bee.
Ladybug:::Thank you, Chloé. Let's go. 
Cat Noir::: Ladies. 
Sabrina:::I guess you'll never wanna play with me again now.
Chloé:::Of course I will. I just don't wanna be Ladybug anymore.You can keep the costume if you want.
Sabrina::: Oh, goody!
Mayura::: I'm sorry, Hawk Moth. I failed.
Hawk Moth::: No, Mayura. We've set the stage for the future. Queen Bee will change her mind.
Chloé::: Hey, you!
Lila::: Chloé!
Chloé::: That magic code you told me to call Ladybug? It was just a big joke, wasn't it?
Lila::: Of course it wasn't. Why? Weren't you with Ladybug yesterday?
Chloé::: Uh... yes?
Lila::: So it worked then.
Chloé::: Uh... yes? Okay, fine! You're not completely useless! 
Marinette::: I hope I didn't hurt Chloé's feelings too much. She's worked so hard.
Tikki::: It's for her own good. And you're also protecting Ladybug and Cat Noir by doing that. That's what being a superheroine is all about.
