Mr. Damocles:::You only have one day to work on your fashion piece, and it must be your own design. In ten hours your fittestpresentation will be judged by none other than the great fashion designer Gabriel, the father of our very own student Adrien Agreste. In fact, Adrien will model the winning design in his next photoshoot. And now, to announce this year's theme: derby hats.
Marinette:::Derby hats? 
Marinette:::Derby hat, derby hat, derby hat, derby hat...! I don’t have any derby hat designs. I’ve got top hats, caps, even two-horned hats! Need a beret? I’m your girl. A sombrero? No problem-o. But a derby?! You know what? It won’t even matter, 'cause I’ll probably make a total fool of myself at the event, most likely trip over my stupid derby and collapse on Mr. Agreste; give him a full-blown concussion and Adrien will hate me! I'll never be a world-renowned fashion designer. MY LIFE IS OVER!
Alya:::All this over a derby hat? Let me see your sketchpad, girl. There must be something in here.
Marinette:::Forget it, I’m a disaster zone. I’ll probably mess everything up in the end. 
Adrien:::Wow, Alya,those are some awesome designs. I didn’t know you had such mad skills.
Alya:::Uh, thanks Adrien, but I can’t take the credit. These sick designs belong to Marinette.Off the chain, right?
Adrien:::You're super talented, Marinette. You seriously have a good chance of winning.
Marinette:::Well, um, yeah! I... like um, designs that um,go... upwards? Um, while stopping... I mean, uh uh, um, thanks?
Adrien:::Sure, and uh good luck. Maybe I’ll be wearing your derby at father’s next photoshoot. 
Alya:::Girl, you gotta get a grip next time. But did you hear? Adrien thinks you’re good enough to win! 
Sabrina:::Did you hear how impressed Adrien was with Marinette's desi
Chloé:::Of course I heard! Her? Win the contest? As if. When Adrien sees my design he'll convince his father to award me the winner. Hm!
Sabrina:::I'm sure he will, Chloé. You’re a born champion. Your design will blow everyone else's out of the water!
Chloé:::Yeah, it will. As soon as I can get my hands on thesketchpad!
Alya:::Only have nine hours until show time.
Marinette::: Yikes! I'm off to my secret garden of inspiration. I’ll see you later.AH! I'm okay. I'm okay, I'm okay. 
Hawk Moth::: The time has come for us to find our next victim, my wicked little akumas. And to prey upon Ladybug and Cat Noir. Their Miraculouses must be mine!
Marinette::: Geez, it’s hard to be creative under pressure.
Tikki::: Marinette, you save the world under pressure. I think designing a hat should be a piece of cake!
Marinette::: Hm, a cake derby hat. Stylish and tasty. 
Xavier:::Well, happy day, happy day! Splendid is the afternoon day. Ah, Edgar, you fancy one. Fantastic, dazzling performance. 
Roger::: Scram, you winged rats! How many times do you need to be told, Mr. Ramier? No! FEEDING! The pigeons! It’s strictly forbidden. If everyone feeds them, they’ll leave their waste everywhere!
Xavier::: But, who’s going to feed my poor pigeons?
Roger::: All the park keepers know about you, Mr. Ramier. You’re banned from every park in Paris. Leave now or I’ll call the authorities. Oh, wait. I’m the authorities . GET OUT! 
Marinette::: Sheesh, I almost feel sorry for that man.
Tikki::: What a unique character! He was like, a human bird. All he needed was a feather jacket to complete the look.
Marinette::: A feather jacket, hmm. Nice thinking, Tikki. 
Hawk Moth::: Poor Mr. Ramier,the feeling of injustice, such easy prey for my akuma.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize him!Mr. Pigeon, I’m Hawk Moth. Neither this police officer, nor any other of the park keepers, should stop you from taking care of your friends. What would Paris be without pigeons? What would pigeons be without you?
Marinette:::Yes! 
Tikki::: Now that’s a derby!
Marinette::: Thanks, Tikki.
Sabrina:::We're so awesome.
Chloé:::We? 
Sabrina:::Oh right, sorry! You're so awesome, Chloé. When are we uh, you, going to make the hat?
Chloé::: And ruin these nails? Of course not. Daddy’ll pay someone to do it. 
Tikki::: What are you looking for?
Marinette::: A feather! I forgot to pick up a pigeon feather for the hat! It has to have a feather!
Marinette:::Yes!
Marinette::: Uh, sorry mister officer, sir. 
Marinette:::Come on! Can’t we go any faster?
Bus driver::: Sorry folks, we have a situation here.You’ll need to get off the bus now.
Marinette:::Ah! Uh, this is weird. 
Nadja:::Pigeons have taken over Paris. This is just one of the many alarming situations giving authorities cause for major concern.Yes, I’ve just been told that someone named Mr. Pigeon is making an announcement.
Mr. Pigeon:::Oh, dreary day, poor Parisians.Sorry to ruffle your feathers, but Paris now belongs to the pigeons! Flap flap! 
Marinette::: Paris needs us!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Ladybug::: Now this is weirder than weird.
Cat Noir:::Birds of a feather, flock together.I’m allergic to feathers. 
Ladybug::: That's helpful.
Cat Noir::: Tell me about it.These birds are only part of the problem. The park keepers in Paris are vanishing without a trace.
Ladybug::: What? We have to track down Mr. Pigeon ASAP.
Cat Noir::: Where are we gonna find him?
Ladybug::: Hmm, I don't know where we can find him, but I do know where he can find us.
Cat Noir::: 
Ladybug::: Act natural or he'll never show up!
Cat Noir::: What do you mean? I am acting natural. 
Mr. Pigeon:::Ladybug and Cat Noir? Job well done, buddy-Boy. Pigeons will reign supreme! Power to the pigeons! 
Ladybug::: Where is he? He should've been here by now.
Ladybug::: What the- 
Cat Noir::: Where's that bird-brain Mr. Pigeon?
Ladybug::: He's gotta be here somewhere... 
Hawk Moth:::If you want to give Paris back to the pigeons for good, you must first rid the city of those two pests. 
Ladybug::: Call me crazy, but I feel like bird seed all of a sudden. 
Cat Noir::: Got any bright ideas, bug?
Ladybug::: You're the cat, don't you eat these things for breakfast?Look!
Mr. Pigeon:::Turpyday. I'm so ruthless. 
Hawk Moth:::Excellent. Now take their Miraculous!
Mr. Pigeon:::Your Miraculous. Give them to me or face the wrath of my feathered friends.Dada-dee, on the count of three, my beloved pigeons will commence fire. You can still say you're sorry skins by handing me your Miraculous. One, two...
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, the bars!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Cat Noir::: Well, well. Looks like the pigeon's really a chicken.
Mr. Pigeon:::Me? I'm not flying away. I'm just killing two birds with one stone.
Mr. Pigeon:::Merry Christmas! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Ah!
Mr. Pigeon::: I'm not done with you yet!
Cat Noir::: I've gotta get out of here before my secret identity's revealed!
Ladybug::: Yeah, you wouldn't want to let the cat out of the bag.
Cat Noir::: Ha ha, very funny. 
André::: Ladybug, Cat Noir! I'm in great danger of losing big bucks if my guests leave Paris! You are going to get rid of those pigeons, aren't you? 
Cat Noir:::Of course we are, but before we do I have an urgent need.
André::: An urgent need? I see, head to the royal suite. There's paper in there, but perhaps you would prefer... a litter tray?
Cat Noir::: Uh...? Oh right, no need for litter. But, um, could I have some Camembert? 
Cat Noir::: 'Scuse me, sorry.Emergency! 
Butler Jean::: How do you like your Camembert?
Cat Noir::: Runny! 
Butler Jean::: Unpasteurized Camembert, matured for two years. 
Cat Noir::: Thanks!
Plagg::: Oh the exhaustion! My poor aching body, I can't move a muscle!
Adrien::: You wanna bet? 
Plagg:::Ah, my gooeyness. 
Adrien::: Eat up buddy. Ladybug needs help.
Ladybug::: Great, I can get a much better view from up here.Odd, pigeons are flying in the same direction. Better go follow them. 
Cat Noir::: Ready when you are, LB.
Ladybug:::Let's go!
Ladybug::: So that's where Mr. Pigeon's keeping the park keepers he abducted.
Cat Noir::: The Grand Palais.My pigeon radar is on high alert.
Ladybug::: Either your radar is on the brink or Mr. Pigeon's left the park keepers unattended.
Cat Noir::: Let's set the cat among the pigeons.
Ladybug::: Hold up kitty, it's too easy. I've got a plan. 
Mr. Pigeon::: Perfect timing, hootie ho! We're ready to greet them, aren't we? They're going to fall right into my trap. It won't be long before you get your Miraculous, friend.
Hawk Moth:::I can't wait, my dear Pigeon.
Ladybug::: If we can destroy that bird call, we'll be able to capture the akuma. Okay, you open the window, I'll grab him and yank him up onto the roof, then you snag his bird call away from him.
Cat Noir::: Let's go, early bird gets the worm! 
Ladybug::: So much for the element of surprise. 
Mr. Pigeon::: Deedly-dee dee, come closer, I have a bone to peck with you.
Cat Noir::: I'd be honored. 
Park keeper::: Get us out of here, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: coin) A coin? What am I supposed to do with this? 
Mr. Pigeon::: You can't buy yourself out of here! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! 
Cat Noir::: Yeah! 
Ladybug::: Snack time, pigeons! 
Mr. Pigeon::: No! 
Mr. Pigeon::: My bird call! Nooo!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, grab it! 
Ladybug::: Yes!
Cat Noir::: Ow! 
Ladybug::: No more evildoing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Xavier::: Huh? What happened? Where am I?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Wretched pigeons, wretched Ladybug. I'll destroy every one of you! 
Marinette::: There's no time to lose. I have less than an hour. ’’
Alya::: Where is that girl?
Nathalie::: Hello, Mr. Damocles, I am Mr. Agreste's executive assistant Nathalie.
Mr. Damocles::: Hello, miss. Pardon me, but where is Mr. Agreste? 
Gabriel:::I'm here.
Mr. Damocles:::Ah, uh, hello Mr. Agreste. Welcome to our school.
Gabriel:::Adrien, take Nathalie around.
Chloé::: Ah, there's Mr. Agreste! He's coming this way. 
Mr. Damocles::: As you'll see, Mr. Agreste, our students have poured their hearts and souls into their projects. 
Alya::: Where have you been?! You got your hat?
Marinette::: Yep, here. 
Marinette::: What? 
Alya::: But, it's the same as Chloé's.
Marinette::: What?! 
Chloé::: Uh, hi Mr. Agreste. I'm Chloé Bourgeois. You know my father, André Bourgeois, the mayor?
Marinette::: Ugh, that thieving little brat!
Alya::: Do you want me to take care of it?
Marinette::: I think I can handle this. 
Gabriel::: Hm, turn the tablet back to Ms. Bourgeois' hat.Is this a joke?
Chloé::: No fair! Marinette copied my design! It's scandalous, how could you do that? 
Marinette::: I apologize for the situation Mr. Agreste, but I can prove that this derby hat is MY original design.
Gabriel::: Go ahead.
Marinette::: Um, everything on my derby hat is hand-made from the embroidery, to the weaving of the band, to the stitching of the brim.All done by myself. And last, there's a special design element that only the true designer knows about: I signed mine. 
Chloé::: Daddy!
Gabriel::: Very exquisite creation. You definitely have the laboring hands of a hat maker, miss...
Adrien::: Marinette. 
Gabriel::: Congratulations on your demonstration, Miss Marinette. You're the winner. 
Marinette:::Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Gabriel::: Adrien will wear your derby on our next advertising campaign. 
Adrien::: Awesome job, Marinette.
Adrien::: A-achoo!Uh sorry, I'm allergic to feathers. 
Marinette:::Gesundheit !
Adrien:::Thanks. 
Marinette::: Whoo hoo! 
