Ladybug::: Sure, it's amazing being Ladybug. I've got these powers, kwamis, but can you imagine I could've prevented Shadow Moth from creating villains in the first place? Ha! He'd be ruined! Have you noticed that Shadow Moth seems to reakumatize people much more often these days? Do you know why? Because he gets to know them and figures out how to manipulate them better!
Alya::: You're right. I was akumatized four times as Lady Wifi because I was obsessed with with you! I knew you were hiding something from me and it drove me crazy.
Ladybug::: I had to keep it a secret.
Alya::: I know girl. But now that I know the truth, I've got your back!What? Mr. Pigeon has already been akumatized 71 times?!
Ladybug::: He's just a harmless guy trying to take care of his pigeons. It's so not fair! I'd promised him I'd find a way to keep him safe from Shadow Moth, but I just can't figure it out.I don't understand a thing in this spell book!
Ladybug::: Oh! Hold that thought Wayzz, I think this is it! 
Ladybug::: Ugh, I was sure that spicy little rock would be pepper.
Trixx::: Alya, help us reason with her, please!
Alya::: Marinette, how long have you been working on this? 
Ladybug::: I dunno, six-seven days, maybe ten. Now that we're on spring break, I finally have time to put my whole heart into it!
Alya::: When was the last time you worked on one of your own designs? 
Ladybug::: I do loads of designing! Look!I designed a security system so that nobody can enter my room when I'm not in it. And if I put on this hatI hear everything that's going on in here, even when I'm out of the room.
Alya::: I'm gonna have to break it to you because I'm the only one who can.THIS IS TOTALLY INSANE! Girl, trust your BFF. When I'm researching something obsessively and I can't think of anything else, that's when my mind can get really blocked. You know what you need most right now? A break! 
Ladybug::: No way! No breaks until I find out how to keep Shadow Moth from reakumatizing people! 
Sabine::: Tom, this science experiment is starting to worry me. 
Tom::: But you know that she asked us not to bother her.
Alya::: I get that you wanna see the end of Shadow Moth but you know what my grandmother always says? Life is not waiting for the storm to pass, it's learning to dance in the rain.
Ladybug::: Dance? But Alya, how can I dance when I know Shadow Moth's going after the people I love?!
Alya::: I bet you had no idea Adrien and Kagami aren't seeing each other anymore. 
Ladybug:::What?! Are you serious?!I have to go and console Kagami!Poor thing, she must be devastated! 
Alya::: Hang on, don't you mean you have to go and console Adrien? 
Ladybug::: Why would I console Adrien?
Alya::: The house-and-three-kids-and-a-hamster-named-whatever and all that. Does that ring a bell?
Ladybug::: There's no way we could be together anyway, I can't even talk to him! And besides... I have... no more feelings for Adrien... I don't love him anymore, there! And Kagami is perfect for him. I mean she has no problem talking to him. And they fence together.Poor girl, she must be so upset.
Alya::: This is a joke right? Or maybe all those days locked in your room, breathing magical fumes must have gone to your brain? 
Ladybug::: Alya, Kagami doesn't have any friends in Paris besides me. I have to go and console her.
Alya::: Fine! Go console Kagami if you want to. As long as you're outside, getting some fresh air and thinking about something else it's all good. Meanwhile I'm gonna go through all these notes and see if I can make any sense out of it.
Ladybug::: Huh! You would do that? 
Alya::: You're not alone anymore, Marinette. I've got your back, remember? 
Ladybug:::Thanks, Alya.
Alya:::Forgetting something? 
Ladybug:::Oops, spots off. 
Alya::: Aren't you still forgetting something? 
Marinette::: Why? No.Of course! My pool bag! 
Alya::: Uh, Marinette... 
Marinette:::Oh! My pajamas! 
Sabine:::Ah, sweetie! That science project of yours is finally done? 
Marinette::: Yes I-I mean, no, but Alya's helping me so I'm gonna take a break. 
Tom:::Maybe you should take something to eat on the road. 
Marinette:::Thanks, Dad! 
Marinette:::Now let's go cheer up Kagami!
Kagami:::Hello? 
Marinette:::Kagami! Where are you? 
Kagami::: In the Tuileries Garden.
Marinette::: Perfect! Don't move. I'm on my way!
Kagami::: Actually now is not a good time to- 
Marinette::: I'll always be there for you Kagami.Kagami!!! Ooh! Would you like a brioche, Mrs. Tsurugi? 
Kagami::: Mother, you remember Marinette? 
Tomoe:::Yes, I distinctly remember your very... unique friend. 
Marinette::: I'll bring your daughter back in an hour. Oh! Try those brioches stuffed with fresh fruit. It's one of my dad's new recipes! They're delish! 
Tomoe::: Mmm.
Marinette::: Adrien is at the pool, getting ready to shoot his next big ad campaign! It's the perfect place for the two of you to make up!
Kagami::: You know Adrien's schedule by heart?
Marinette::: Yeah for the next three years duh! But who cares? 'Cause today's the day that I'm getting you two back together. 
Kagami::: I don't want to get back together with Adrien. I was the one who decided to break up and-
Marinette::: Of course you did! You felt that somehow you weren't worthy of him, but you're wrong Kagami. You're strong, you're perfect! He's perfect! 
Kagami::: Marinette!
Marinette::: You're meant for each other! Right now I get it, it's out of sight, out of mind. But the second you lay eyes on him again, you'll both blush and stutter, talk nonsense about big houses, three kids and a hamster and everything will be wonderful!Sorry. Hello? 
Kagami::: Marinette, I don't want to be with Adrien anymore. He let me down. 
Marinette::: Just trust me! I can prove that he's worthy of you! Of course, makes sense. They've closed the pool to rehearse the commercial in private.
Kagami::: Perfect. Let's go. 
Marinette::: Absolutely! Let's go... inside! By distracting the bodyguard.
Plagg::: I'm gonna have to break it to ya 'cause I'm the only one who can.This is totally insane!!Jumping into freezing water first thing in the morning when we could be peacefully eating cheese?I take back everything I said! Everything is great! Just great!
Bob Roth::: Okay, now picture it Gabe. Adrien is on top of the Eiffel Tower, bathed in sunlight. He jumps off, slow motion. Doves flutter all around him as if his fall would never end. The catchphrase, dive into romantic, magical, eternal Paris! And then splash! Right into a giant glass of sparkling golden juice! Backshot! Splash, the new fragrance by Gabriel.
Gabriel:::Those birds are not doves, they're pigeons. 
Bob Roth::: Not at all! They're doves! 
Mr. Ramier::: My birds aren't do-
Bob Roth::: Listen Ramier, I know those are pigeons but it is in both of our best interests if Agreste believes they're doves! Mine, because he's paying me a lot of money. And yours, because I can convince the mayor to create a space specifically dedicated to pigeons in Paris. So, for today, your pigeons are doves! Got it? Okay everybody, places! Action!
Gabriel::: Something... is missing.
Marinette::: 
Wayhem::: Adrien's at the pool! There!
Gabriel::: We've got magical Paris and eternal Paris but we're missing romantic Paris. A red rose! I want one of these doves to bring a rose in mid-flight to my son. He'll take it between his teeth before he enters the water. Then it will be perfect!
Mr. Ramier::: You can count on Edgar! No animal's more obedient than this sweet little pigeon.
Bob Roth::: Dove! They're doves!
Adrien::: Hang on, I'm allergic to pigeons. If they get too close-
Bob Roth::: Nothing is gonna happen because they're doves!
Gabriel::: I'll give you thirty minutes to set this all up. 
Bob Roth::: You heard the man, Ramier. You better not let me down!
Marinette::: And now, time for camouflage! 
Kagami::: Do you always carry these things with you? 
Marinette::: Of course! I have to be rea- I mean you have to be ready for any opportunity whenever you run into Adrien. Everything is retractable and folds up neatly. Even this fancy ball gown. You'll be needing it when you get back together with Adrien.Here are the swimsuits! No time to lose! 
Marinette:::I bet you're already starting to fall in love with him again. 
Kagami::: No.
Marinette::: That's just 'cause you haven't seen him in action yet.
Bob Roth::: Action!
Adrien::: Aah! 
Bob Roth::: Your pigeon isn't up for the job! He's not supposed to come back with the rose!
Mr. Ramier::: The sneeze frightened him.
Adrien::: I told you, I'm allergic to pigeons! 
Marinette::: Did you see how handsome he is? Did you feel your heart beat faster? Did you get the shivers? Tingles in your fingers? 
Kagami::: What I felt was sorry for that poor pigeon tamer.
Marinette::: It's because you haven't looked into each others' eyes yet! Oh! I've got an idea!
Bob Roth::: Here, for your allergy to the doves. 
Kagami::: What are you doing? Put me down right now!
Marinette::: I'm having your eyes meet. There, he's looking at you. Look at him! Look at him!
Bob Roth::: This cannot be happening. How complicated is to deliver a rose in mid-flight to a model in mid-dive?
Adrien::: It's my fault. I thought, I saw one of my friends from school. 
Bob Roth::: Well, I don't see anyone, except a stupid bird that's incapable of doing what it's been asked to do and that's gonna be get banned from all of Paris, if it continues to ruin the rehearsals for my commercial! 
Marinette::: 
Kagami::: No Marinette, I didn't feel anything, except for shame for me, for Adrien and for this ridiculously embarrassing situation. I'm leaving.
Marinette::: But, it's because you were too far apart. When you're close together, that you really feel it. Oh, I got an idea!
Gabriel:::Are you ready?
Bob Roth::: Of course! 
Mr. Ramier:::Remember Edgar, if Mr. Roth is happy he will have a word with the mayor and pigeons will live in Paris happily ever after.
Bob Roth::: Action!
Kagami::: Marinette, stop it! This is completely crazy!
Marinette::: Love is crazy! So, stop thinking too much and dive in!
Adrien::: Marinette?
Adrien::: Marinette, what on earth are you doing here?
Marinette::: Me? Well um- I just came here to do a few laps and wind you up- I mean, unwind... How about you?
Adrien::: Well, we're in rehearsal for a commercial. The pool is supposed to be closed.
Marinette::: To the post? Oh well, that's why there was no one at the front desk. Oh Boy, I wouldn't want to kiss you- I mean, keep you, keep you from your job. So I'll be on my way. 
Gabriel:::This is a complete failure, Robert!
Bob Roth::: It's not my fault, it's his fault!
Mr. Ramier:::How dare you?! Edgar is my best friend the most intelligent and loyal pigeon there ever was!
Gabriel:::So, it is a pigeon!
Bob Roth::: What?! This is a pigeon?! Ramier, how dare you cheat me out of the real thing?! So sorry, Gabriel, I'm gonna find a replacement immediately! I know a very good shark trainer!
Gabriel:::Do not disappoint me again. 
Gabriel::: This commercial is turning into a fiasco, but maybe we can salvage something beneficial from it after all, my love. 
Bob Roth:::You get out of my pool! You're fired!
Mr. Ramier::: But you were supposed to have a word with the mayor!
Bob Roth::: You know what I'm going to tell the mayor to ban those flying rats and tamers like you now and forever!GET OUT!
Adrien::: Mr. Ramier.
Mr. Ramier:::I failed.
Shadow Moth::: I sense that this time, Mr. Ramier is distress has reached new depths. Fly my lovely akuma and evilize his unhinged heart!
Shadow Moth::: Mr. Pigeon, I am Shadow Moth. Since humans and pigeons cannot live together in harmony...
Mr. Ramier::: I will turn every human into a pigeon! 
Shadow Moth:::What would Paris be without its pigeons, and without Mr. Pigeon?
Mr. Pigeon::: From now on, everyone will have to accept us my friends because everyone will be just like us!
Marinette::: Kagami, please just one last try, now I know what I got wrong! I haven't gone far back enough in time we have to recreate the moment when you two first fell in love!
Kagami:::Marinette, I'm going to tell you once and for all- 
Marinette::: Kagami?Adrien!
Plagg:::And we were having such a pleasant time.
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on!
Ladybug and Plagg::: Adrien!
Ladybug::: This is not the time to get trapped! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, hurry up, I'm not gonna make it through this without you!
Plagg::: You're gonna have to, Ladybug. Cat Noir's been feathered! 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm! 
Plagg::: A hand drill? No offense, but I don't think you'll get out of here with such a tiny hole!
Ladybug::: Who said anything about getting out?
Alya::: Of course, just like with every other investigation, the answer was right under my nose since the very beginning! 
Fluff::: This is not normal! No it isn't, we'll never know!
Nadja Chamack:::Mr. Pigeon is back for the 72nd time, and now he's transforming Parisians- 
Alya::: Ladybug?
Ladybug::: I'm stuck at the pool!
Alya::: You want me to get you out of there?
Ladybug::: No, not you, it's too dangerous to be out in Paris right now! Cat Noir has already been transformed into a pigeon!
Alya::: How can I help?
Ladybug::: I need Ladybug and Cat Noir to lure Mr. Pigeon back here!
Alya::: Got it!Ladybug needs us.
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce!
Rena Rouge::: Mirage!
Rena Rouge::: Your illusions are on their way!
Ladybug::: Thanks, Rena Rouge.
Mr. Pigeon::: No need for the mayor's permission to turn Paris into a pigeon paradise when the mayor himself is a pigeon!
Shadow Moth:::Don't forget that there are other evil animals in Paris ready to put a stop to your power!
Mr. Pigeon::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, give yourselves up or else I'll spread my wings even farther. So far, that the entire world will become pigeons! 
Rena Rouge & Cat Noir Illusion::: If I were you, I'd rather transform people into kittens. Everyone likes kittens better!
Rena Rouge & Ladybug Illusion::: Or into Ladybugs. At least they bring good luck!
Ladybug::: I couldn't have said it better! Nice work, Rena!
Mr. Pigeon::: Oh yes, ladybugs make an excellent snack. For pigeons!
Rena Rouge & Ladybug Illusion::: Sure, but you gotta catch them first!
Ladybug::: Be careful, if they touch the illusions they will disappear!
Rena Rouge::: Yeah, don't worry, here they come.
Ladybug::: Plagg, you're up!
Plagg::: Ugh, I hate water. And pigeons! Too bad Cat Noir isn't here to do this instead of me. phases through the wall and hides in a ball in the pool)
Mr. Pigeon:::Jewels are forbidden in the pool, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: It's time, Rena!
Rena Rouge & Cat Noir Illusion::: I'm afraid this time we don't have a choice, m'lady.
Rena Rouge & Ladybug Illusion::: I guess it's time to throw in the towel, kitty cat.
Shadow Moth:::Finally!
Ladybug::: Now!
Rena Rouge::: Take them if you can! 
Mr. Pigeon::: Pigeons, might not like water, but I do! 
Shadow Moth:::NOOOOO!
Mr. Pigeon::: My bird call!
Plagg::: There you go! 
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you little akuma! Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Shadow Moth::: Have fun with your little magic tricks, Ladybug. One day, I will crush you and that won't be an illusion!
Plagg::: Happy to see you again, Adrien. So still allergic to pigeons? 
Adrien::: Just as always, Plagg.. 
Mr. Ramier:::Oh no, I was the victim of Shadow Moth again, wasn't !?
Ladybug::: I wish I could tell you it would be the last time, Mr. Ramier. But that's a miracle I cannot perform.
Rena Rouge::: Don't be so sure!
Ladybug::: Rena Rouge?
Rena Rouge::: You've been so focused on your role as a guardian that you've forgotten you're still Ladybug!
Ladybug::: You found something in the spellbook?
Rena Rouge::: No, there was nothing to find! What if the rules in the spellbooks are not a finite set of existing rules, but only what the guardians had learned about the miraculous so far?
Ladybug::: Which means if my power is the power of creation...
Rena Rouge::: Yes, create. Your only limits are the ones you put on yourself. 
Rena Rouge::: Wow, what happened to your suit? And what's that?
Ladybug::: It's a... magical charm. Mr. Ramier, always keep this with you. It will protect you from negative emotions.
Mr. Ramier:::Oh, does this mean that Shadow Moth won't be able to akumatize me anymore?Oh, do you hear that my friends? We will never be Paris's villains again! 
Ladybug and Rena Rouge::: Pound it!
Adrien:::That girl is truly Miraculous.
Kagami::: You know, Marinette? That whole heart-beating, tingling, knees trembling thing? I felt all thatfrom you. You're the one blushing and stuttering and saying silly things every time that you see Adrien. You're the one who knows his schedule by heart for the next three years. You're right, Marinette. Adrien is perfect. He's perfect - for you.
Marinette::: I- but, Kagami!
Adrien:::Wow, you've had it all this time?
Marinette:::Oh yeah, it's just sorry- I mean sorry you're right this is your embrace- I mean umbrella you let me kiss- keep, keep I can finally gaze- I mean give... it back. 
Adrien::: You're gonna need it to get through all this.
Marinette::: That's true...
Adrien::: Or maybe we could drop you off. 
Marinette::: We've got an umbrella, why don't we use it? We could walk home, what do you say?
Adrien::: I...I have Chinese class. You know how demanding my father is. But see you tomorrow at school.
Marinette::: Yes, see you tomorrow, Adrien.
Kagami::: They really are made for each other. Tatsu, let's go. 
Tikki::: Everything okay, Marinette? 
Marinette::: Everything's great, Tikki. Apparently life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, but learning to dance in the rain! Woohoo! 
