Cat Noir::: What happened? 
Ladybug::: —Ah!
Cat Noir::: Who are you? 
Ladybug::: I'm, uh, I—I don't know,I—I don't remember my own name!
Cat Noir:::Me neither.Looks like you and I were at the same costume party. 
Ladybug::: Hm? Why is that flashing?
Cat Noir::: And your earrings, too. We must shop at the same jewelry store.
Ladybug::: Are we supposed to know each other?
Cat Noir::: I'd be surprised if we weren't. 
Adrien::: Woah.
Marinette::: Ahh!There are giant bugs! Mice?Bug-mice!
Plagg::: Woah, I am starving right now.
Adrien:::Hi there!What are you exactly? Genies, like the one in the lamp? 
Plagg::: If I'm a genie, where's my lamp? Besides, where am I? And who are you?!
Marinette:::What's that thing doing in my earring?
Tikki::: I'm not a thing, I'm…I don't know what I am!But I do know that I'm very hungry. 
Marinette:::Aw, poor little… no thing! 
Adrien:::Okay everyone we're gonna keep our cool here. We've all lost our memories and we don't know why but we'll find— 
Marinette::: What is it this time?We can't stay here.
Adrien::: Couldn't agree more. 
Tikki::: Perhaps we should help them?
Plagg::: Well, I'm not going anywhere until I know what smells so good in that Boy's shirt. 
Plagg::: We seem to be exceptional beings, unlike them.
Marinette::: Thank you!
Adrien::: Let's get out of here!
Adrien::: Ah, the exit is blocked.
Marinette:::We’re gonna have to find another way out.Fast!
Adrien::: Over there! 
Marinette::: Ah!
Marinette::: Okay. We’re stuck in the building with amnesia being chased by a—a thing that's obviously got it in for us big time.
Adrien::: Not to mention the two strange creatures who magically appeared when our costumes disappeared. 
Plagg::: Uh, excuse me, but the creatures are hungry. Would you mind opening up your shirt to see what smells so good?
Adrien:::Camembert?
Plagg:::It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen... 
Marinette::: Will this do?
Tikki::: Mm!Thank you!
Marinette:::Marinette! My name is Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
Adrien:::Pleased to meet you, Marinette.Adrien Agreste.
Marinette::: Super nice to meet you too, Adrien.Of course!We still got our phones!
Adrien:::Brilliant!
Both:::Aw…
Marinette::: Is yours locked too?
Tikki:::The thing's coming this way!
Marinette::: We need to find a way out of this building!
Adrien::: And we will. Until then…
Adrien::: What do we do—?
Marinette::: Shh! 
Villain::: Uhg! We will get you.
Adrien::: Wow, Marinette! You seem like someone who always has the right idea at the right time!
Marinette::: I hope you're right. 
Both::: Ah! Sorry. 
Adrien::: Okay. I suggest we go upstairs.
Marinette:::But there's no way up there. We're gonna get trapped again!
Adrien::: We can hide out here while we signal for help. 
Marinette::: Good idea!Ugh! No handle! And the glass is tinted.They won't be able to see us.
Adrien:::Phone lines are down.If only I could remember how to unlock my phone. 
Marinette::: Wait! 
Adrien::: Nice work, Marinette!Uh oh. But, who should we call?
Marinette:::I'm almost out of battery.
Adrien:::Me too. We should call our parents first.Gabriel. Probably… my dad. 
Gabriel:::This is Gabriel's voicemail. To leave a message, please call my secretary. 
Adrien:::Let's hope you have better luck than me.
Marinette:::Agreste, Césaire, Couffaine, Dupain-Cheng, Sabine! 
Sabine:::Marinette, are you okay? They're saying on TV that Ladybug and Cat Noir are battling a supervillain at the Montparnasse Tower!Isn't that where you were going on your school trip today?
Marinette:::Cat Noir and... Ladybug..?
Sabine::: Marinette, is everything okay? Where are you?
Marinette::: Uh, sure, Mom, everything's okay. I'm with my friend, safe. Don't worry.
Sabine::: I'm so relieved! Whatever you do, stay there until the supervillain's been defeated. 
Marinette::: Sure, Mom, I will. Love you! 
Adrien::: Why didn't you ask her for help?
Marinette:::I have both good news and bad news. The good news is: there are superheroes in the tower that will stop that supervillain. The bad news is: we're the superheroes! And the thing that's chasing us is the supervillain! And we're supposed to be defeating it with superpowers we no longer have! 
Adrien:::Eh...
Hawk Moth::: Nobody? We must have missed something.They have to be inside the building, Oblivio. Ladybug and Cat Noir can't have escaped. Retrace your steps. They must have transformed back by now. And with their memories erased, you won't have any trouble getting your hands on their Miraculous.
Marinette::: If my own mother doesn't know that I'm Ladybug, then nobody must know. 
Adrien::: What about us? Do you think… we know?
Marinette::: Hm.I feel like we're more than just a superhero team. 
Adrien:::Do you think we're… 
Marinette::: Looks like it. 
Adrien::: Then we must have told each other everything. I couldn't hide my identity from the girl I love. 
Marinette::: So, if we're the superheroes, then what are they? 
Adrien::: I have no idea.
Tikki::: You can't just leave, we have to help them!
Plagg::: We don't even know who we are, or who they are. I don't want to help out a couple of strangers. 
Tikki::: You may not remember who you are, but at least you know this about this about yourself: you're a selfish being, and a total coward! 
Plagg::: Me, a coward?I am not a coward! I—I'm a free spirit, so don't come if you don't want to, but I'm out of here! 
Adrien:::Did he go to get help?
Tikki::: I don't think we should hold our breath.
Oblivio::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, we know you're in here. You won't get away this time. 
Oblivio::: You remember your BFF Oblivio, don't you? Don't tell us you've forgotten us. Ha ha ha ha! 
Adrien:::I'm not convinced that this monster is really our best friend.
Marinette:::One thing's for sure, if we're superheroes, he can't find out about our secret identities.
Adrien::: How about some kind of diversion? We get out of here and take the emergency stairs.
Marinette::: Sorry, I need this. 
Marinette:::I'll call you, and when he comes, we make a run for it.I'll use the tape to pull your phone back. Ready?
Adrien::: No wonder I fell in love with you. 
Oblivio::: Uh uh. Gotcha.You shouldn't have forgotten to switch off your phone.Nooo! 
Oblivio::: You're trying to fool Oblivio again! But it's not gonna work this time.Or perhaps we give you too much credit. 
Marinette::: You saved our lives! Thank you. 
Adrien:::Let's head back to where we were. It's the last place he'll think of looking for us. 
Plagg::: Pfft, a coward, me? Whatever! Huh?Adrien?I may not remember my own name, but I know for a fact that I'm brave andI… am…This is called psychological harassment!
Marinette::: Sorry, your phone's out of juice. 
Adrien:::No worries. We’re doing pretty well, even without powers, don't you think?
Tikki::: It's true, you two make a very effective couple. 
Marinette::: Yes, but if we want a real shot at defeating this villain, we're gonna have to become Ladybug and Cat Noir again.Maybe we can gather some hints by watching some news footage to see what happened before he erased our memories.
Pedestrian::: Hey, do something!
Roger::: What do you want me to do?
Pedestrian::: I don't know, you're the cop!
Roger::: I am? 
TVi Person::: Nadja, you're on the air!
Nadja::: Me? What do I do?Uh, don't be bemused, it's just the news. Since early this afternoon, a supervillain by the name of Oblivio has been erasing the memories of everyone he comes across. Ladybug and Cat Noir are tracking him down inside Montparnasse Tower. 
Adrien::: Well, right now, he's the one tracking us down.
Hawk Moth:::Ladybug and Cat Noir are toying with you Oblivio. If you can't manage to find them…
Oblivio:::Then we'll flush them out of hiding, Hawk Moth! 
Nadja:::Looks like Ladybug and Cat Noir are struggling today. 
Ladybug::: And stop calling us a couple!
Adrien::: We don't exactly look lovey-dovey in this footage.
Marinette::: Probably just a regular fight like all couples have.
Nadja::: The battle against Oblivio continues.Oh, oh no! Cat Noir has been hit, but Ladybug pulls him out of danger.What's she doing now?Ladybug is down, too!
Marinette::: The drawing! There was a drawing on the elevator wall! I remember now. It was a turtle. I saw it earlier when I was looking for my mom's number.There it is! 
Adrien::: You left yourself a message! So smart. 
Master Fu::: Hello?
Marinette:::Mr. Turtle? 
Fu::: Marinette, is there a problem? 
Marinette::: Listen. I can’t remember who I am or who you are. Oblivio has erased my memory. But I think I'm supposed to call you.
Fu::: You did the right thing. Is Cat Noir with you? 
Marinette:::Yeah, well Adrien, actually.
Fu::: You two know your true identities, then. 
Adrien::: We're not supposed to?
Fu::: That's okay, the Miraculous Ladybugs will repair everything anyway. 
Marinette::: We figured out we're superheroes, but we don't know how to make ourselves Ladybug and Cat Noir again.Mr. Turtle, you'll have to tell us quick, I'm almost out of battery.
Fu::: Are your kwamis with you? 
Marinette::: Uh, if you mean the flying creatures, then, one of them. The red one is with us.
Fu::: Okay. Listen carefully, the red kwami's name is Tikki.She gives you your powersSay, Tikki, spots on, and you'll transform into Ladybug. You'll find an emergency user's guide in your bug phone. Adrien, your kwami's the black one. His name is Plagg.Tell him, Plagg, claws out, and you'll become Cat Noir again. The rest is in your cat phone.
Adrien::: But, my kwami took off.
Fu::: You won't be able to transform without him— 
Tikki:::You're a selfish being and a total coward!
Plagg::: I am not a coward, and I'm not selfish, either! But, maybe this Adrien Boy has some yummy Camembert left. 
Oblivio::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, if you don't come out of hiding and give us your Miraculous, this giant bubble's gonna erase the memories of every single person in Paris!
Marinette::: It's time to bring Ladybug back.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Adrien::: Wow, that was amazing!
Ladybug:::Thanks, but I don't feel like a superhero at all.
Adrien::: You've already proven that you are one, with or without a costume. 
Ladybug:::Okay, there seems to be a kind of button here.User's guide?Yo-yo's features, capturing the akuma, one-time power, teapot and catches it) Uh! What am I supposed to do with this? Make tea?
Adrien::: Maybe it's part of a puzzle, or a riddle?
Ladybug::: You're right, it must just be one part of the solution, but, how am I gonna find the solution?
Adrien::: Don't worry, you always have the right idea at the right time, you got this!
Ladybug:::Mm hm.Hoo. It's time for action!
Adrien:::Marinette, I want to fight beside you.If we're a couple, then we'll be stronger together.
Ladybug::: But you don't have your kwami or your superpowers. And without your costume, the villain would know your true identity.But most of all, I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. I'm starting to understand how much you mean to me, Adrien.Please, stay there. Ladybug is here to protect you! 
Adrien:::Whoa. I don't need any memory to know that I love that girl.
Ladybug::: The Miraculous enhances all physical abilities. Well, that'll come in handy.
Hawk Moth:::It looks like Ladybug has gotten her powers back, but not her memory. Seize her Miraculous, Oblivio!
Ladybug::: Whoo hoo! Ha ha! Super agility is super awesome! 
Ladybug::: Ahh!
Ladybug::: Eh- aaah!
Oblivio:::You've forgotten your reflexes, huh?Now we're gonna make sure you forget everything else, including your Miraculous!
Adrien::: Attacking m'lady on the ground, did you forget your manners?
Ladybug::: Adri—
Plagg::: So, can I be of any help in any way?
Adrien:::Plagg?
Plagg::: Plagg? So that's my name, Plagg?
Adrien::: Yeah, and you got here just at the right time. 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! Plagg:What's that gonna do— 
Cat Noir::: Hey, pretty cool, right? 
Ladybug:::Very cool, but try not to lose your memory again!
Cat Noir::: Hm, Stick's features, superpower, Cata—
Ladybug::: Stop! It'll trigger it if you say it out loud.
Cat Noir::: And it says it can only be used once?
Ladybug::: What does your power do, exactly?
Cat Noir::: Apparently, I can destroy anything I touch.
Ladybug:::Then stay away from me, if you don't mind.
Cat Noir::: That's not gonna be easy, Ma— Lady. 
Oblivio::: Seems like you've already forgotten about your last defeat!How silly of us, of course you've forgotten! 
Cat Noir::: We won't stand a chance until we stop him from firing at us.
Ladybug::: Of course! His left hand is different from the rest of his body! That must be where the akuma is hiding!
Cat Noir::: Okay, I've got no idea what the hakuna matata is, but I trust you. So what's the plan?
Ladybug::: Can you get him to forget about me for a little while?
Cat Noir::: I'm on it.Hey, you! Do you want to play cat and mouse with me? The first one who tags the other wins!
Oblivio::: What in the—?
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, now!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye, bye, little butterfly.
Cat Noir::: Wow, so this villain was both these guys?What do we do about that?
Ladybug::: This is where my other power comes in.It fixes everything back to how it was originally. 
Cat Noir::: Wait. Do you think we'll remember all this… afterwards?
Ladybug::: Apparently, my Miraculous Ladybug reverts everything, so I'm guessing we won't.
Cat Noir::: All right then. With your permission, m'Lady…
Alya:::Uh…
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!
Alya::: Uh, Ladybug, Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Guys, you haven't seen a supervillain named Oblivio, have you?
Nino::: You've defeated it already, dude.
Alya::: Actually, he was… us.
Both::: Oh, okay. Pound it? Pound it! 
Cat Noir::: We do make a good couple, don't you think?Otherwise we wouldn't have won again like we always do.
Ladybug:::Ugh, we're a team, not a couple.Don't start that again!I've already told you that I'm in love with another Boy.Besides, this charming kitty act of yours was the reason we became distractedand got into all this trouble in the first place.That's right laugh all you want—Hey, what are you doing?
Ladybug:::Everyone saw that?!This is a disaster! What on earth happened?!
Cat Noir::: Well one thing's for sure,we would make a good-looking couple. We're meant for each other m'Lady. You're the only one who doesn't see it.
Ladybug::: This conversation is not over. 
Hawk Moth::: I won't soon forget this, Ladybug and Cat Noir. The love you both secretly have for each other will be your downfall. 
Alya:::Right, so, Nino and I wanted to say, we're sorry for what happened today.
Mylène::: Were you two Oblivio?
Marinette::: Why did you want to erase everyone's memory?
Alya:::Remember when we visited Montparnasse Tower?Well, we went and hid to play Super Penguino,but Miss Bustier caught us,and—
Nino:::And you guys made fun of us for playing that game,saying it wasn't our age and all.
Alya:::We were totally embarrassed at getting caught.
Nino::: And that's when we got akumatized. 
Ms. Bustier:::Next time, just make sure you play at home and not on school field trips, understood?
Alya::: Yes, Miss Bustier, we're sorry again.
Rose::: It's no biggie, you know. Juleka and I often play Super Penguino together.
Mylène::: Everybody loves that game, you know.
Sabrina:::You know, sometimes even Chloé and I—
Chloé::: Hey!
Adrien:::I haven't played it yet, but it looks fun.
Alya:::All you need is to find the right partner.Right Marinette?
Marinette:::Mm hm...
Marinette::: I don't believe it!I actually kissed Cat Noir! How could this have happened?
Tikki::: Who knows? Maybe you still have some things to learn about him.
Adrien::: I can't believe it, Plagg. She finally fell in love with me, and I've forgotten all about it! 
Plagg:::You're right, that's really unlucky. 
Adrien::: You know what?It doesn't matter. If it happened once, it can happen again. At least now,I know my dream can come true.
