Nathalie::: This is what we learned, thanks to the akumatization of Chloé Bourgeois as Miracle Queen.
Gabriel::: Yes... I remember...
Miracle Queen::: People of Paris, listen to Miracle Queen's first order! From now on, no one will have to keep his identity a secret. All the Miraculous wearers, come to me!
Hawk Moth:::Yes! Yes!!! No more hiding!
Nathalie::: Since then,I created Optigami.
Mayura::: My beautiful Ladybug's secrets.
Nathalie::: Under my control, Optigami followed each of the Miraculous holders. Alas, they're just ordinary teenagers-
Nathalie:::–who spend their time between school and extracurricular activities.
Nathalie:::True, Ladybug sometimes trusts them with a Miraculous. 
Nathalie:::But she's established rules that prevent anyone from discovering her secret identity: she never shows her face, always takes back the Miraculous, and makes sure no one ever follows her.
Nathalie:::Even Optigami couldn't stay on her tail.
Nathalie::: We will learn nothing more with the Sentimonster.
Gabriel::: On the contrary, I believe that it will help us finally discover who is behind Ladybug's mask. There's a flaw when the holder gives their miraculous back.There. Imagine if Optigami was hiding in the Miraculous ladybug took back it would lead us straight to her home, unknowingly.
Nathalie::: Brilliant. But how do you plan to do that?
Gabriel::: I need an event where all the holders will be sure to come, and a super-villain will force ladybug to assign a Miraculous if she wants to defeat it. And I know just the right person for it.
Audrey::: Are you serious?! Where is the glitter that I asked for? You're useless, utterly useless.Shoo, shoo!
Gabriel::: Audrey, once again this idea was formidable.
Audrey::: Utterly formidable, you mean! ... What was the idea again?
Gabriel::: This new award by your magazine, the Fashion Icon of the Month, and I was thinking, what better way to launch the award than by electing my son?
Audrey:::I'll take care of the invitations right now.
Alya:::Basically, everyone's invited to this party, where Adrien's gonna receive the Fashion Icon award from Style Queen magazine!
Alya::: That's why she's been paralyzed for ten minutes.
Roaar::: Roar! Since everyone's invited, can we come too?
Kwamis::: Yeah! 
Marinette::: Wait a sec. Sorry, but you know the rule.No holder, no wander. 
Trixx::: In that case, I can come since I have a holder.
Marinette::: Technically no, I hold on to her Miraculous.
Trixx::: Well then, just give it to her permanently. 
Alya::: Trixx isn't wrong, Marinette. Now that I know you're Ladybug, I can help you.
Marinette::: No, that'd be too risky. You know the rule, no Miraculous out of my sight, no flight.
Alya::: You're the guardian, your call.Besides, it's time to go see Adrien at the Fashion Icon.
Marinette::: Adrien!
Nino and Alya::: Yeah!Pew pew! Pew pew! 
Kim::: I bet I can get there before the elevator does! Max, time me. 
Max::: Ready.. GO! 
Alya:::Elevators are perfect for getting close to your secret crush! 
Marinette::: What? No!What if we accidentally... touch?! 
Marinette::: Let's.. not rush things, 'kay?
Nino and Alya::: Yeah!Pew pew! Pew pew! 
Audrey::: Urgh! If you don't start filming this instant, you're fired!
Unnamed presenter::: But we have to wait for Alec Cataldi, he's the MC!
Audrey::: Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Nathalie::: Optigami is in place sir.
Shadow Moth::: Ladybug has no idea that her defeat will be captured on film. Icing on the cake.
Alec::: Yeah! Come on!
Shadow Moth::: 
Alec:::Hey! What's that?
Shadow Moth::: Sentialec, you're up.
Sentialec::: At your command, Shadow Moth.
Audrey::: It's about time.
Unnamed presenter::: Roll!
Sentialec::: You won't be disappointed!
Shadow Moth:::You'll see. It was worth the wait.
Sentialec:::Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the outdated headquarters of Style Queen magazine, that's almost as outdated as Audrey Bourgeois herself!
Sentialec:::Well, well, has the Queen suddenly lost her voice?
Shadow Moth:::What a shame. She could have told you that this whole award ceremony is rigged.
Sentialec:::Sorry, my Boy. 
Audrey:::That's false! Utterly false!Don't listen to him.You! How dare you?! You're-
Sentialec:::Fired! Haha! Too late! You already ridiculed yourself already.
Shadow Moth::: Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize this wonderfully vile queen again.
Shadow Moth:::Style Queen, I am Shadow Moth. This MC has lost all sense of style and class.
Audrey:::Spare me the boring speech, Shadow Moth, give me back my powers and I'll give you the two trinkets you're so obsessed with!
Shadow Moth:::Immediately, my queen.
Alya:::We gotta be ready in case Ladybug needs us. Come on. 
Sentialec:::Glitter? Really? For a style queen, you sure a fashion victim. 
Style Queen::: 'You're' the only victim around here! 
Kagami::: Go, Adrien! Run!
Adrien::: Kagami, NO!
Style Queen:::Since you want to play the hero, you'll be the first to get fired! 
Nathalie:::Kagami Tsurugi, Holder of the Miraculous of the Dragon, neutralized. 
Shadow Moth::: We must find the others before Ladybug shows up.
Adrien::: Plagg, Cl-
Marinette::: Tik--ki!! Tik! Tik! Tik! Tik! Tok! Tik! It's time to get out of here!
Adrien::: Uh, yeah! I was about to go and get some help. 
Marinette::: How gorgeous of you- I mean, how brave of you!
Marinette::: Ladybug will show up.
Adrien::: Yes, and Cat Noir.
Style Queen::: Alec...
Chloé:::This way, mom! I saw him!
Style Queen::: I saw you laugh when that MC ridiculed me.You're fired, haha!
Nathalie::: Chloé Bourgeois, holder of the Miraculous of the Bee, neutralized. Optigami, go find the others.
Max::: This is the safest way, run, run, go, go!
Nathalie::: Max Kanté, holder of the Miraculous of the Horse, located.
Shadow Moth::: It seems like some know-it-alls are trying to get out of here, my dear queen.
Style Queen::: No one can escape my unrivalled style! Rah!
Style Queen:::No underdressed slob gets out of here without a makeover! 
Adrien and Marinette:::Sorry.
Marinette::: The elevator doesn't work.
Adrien::: It's too hard.
Marinette::: I'm sure Cat Noir will come along to save us.
Adrien::: Yeah, or Ladybug.
Marinette:::I'm stuck in the elevator! 
Alya:::With Adrien, LOL?
Marinette:::Yeah! 
Adrien:::I'm stuck in an elevator with Marinette. 
Nino:::This is so cool! Marinette and Adrien are stuck together. 
Alya:::Yeah, that's awesome, and not at all a problem! 
Alya:::How are you gonna do what you need to do?
Marinette:::I have a plan, but I need some time alone.
Alya:::I need to find a way to let Ladybug know that we're here, in case she's looking for us.
Nino::: I'll go with you!
Alya::: Err... n-n-n-n-no! We should split up! If Style Queen gets to me first at least you'll be able to do something.
Nino::: I won't let that happen, believe me.
Alya::: Okay... but first I gotta make a pitstop, if you know what I mean. Wait here,I'll be right back. 
Shadow Moth::: I release you from your existence, Sentialec. 
Alec::: Supervillan? Ha, super-moron! Right? 
Style Queen::: Right!
Shadow Moth:::Some still mock you in the air ducts.
Style Queen::: Urgh! 
Luka:::Hold on, it's going to be okay. 
Nathalie::: Luka Couffaine, holder of the Miraculous of Snake, neutralized.
Shadow Moth::: Only three left.
Longg::: Ha-ha! 
Longg::: It's the guardian's emergency cell!
Kwamis::: Hello?!
Marinette::: Aaahh! 
Adrien::: Who is it?
Marinette:::Uh- I'm... I'm, uh calling... I'm calling the fire department! Hello! Fire department? We're trapped in an elevator in the Montparnasse Tower.
Longg::: Got it! We're taking off!
Marinette::: Uh no, no! Don't fly here because... um... helicopters are bad for the environment! Maybe... maybe come on horseback instead.
Marinette::: You got that fire department on horseback?
Longg::: Horse, she means you Kaalki!
Kaalki::: I am not a horse; I am a noble steed! I was the companion to the most glorious heroes! She might be talking about Fluff.
Sass::: Of course, in prehistoric times horses and rabbits had one common ancestor.
Fluff::: Let's go back to prehistoric times!
Marinette::: No no, not prehistoric times! 
Adrien::: Shh!
Barkk::: Hello? Hello? Hello? She's in trouble for sure, what are we gonna do?
Wayzz::: We stay calm, she'll call back.
Style Queen::: Ha ha!
Adrien::: Argh, I...
Marinette::: I...
Marinette and Adrien::: ...have to tell you something.
Nathalie::: It's only your son, he's safe with one of his classmates. She's not on our list.
Shadow Moth::: There's no one in that elevator, Style Queen.
Adrien::: Phew, what were you gonna tell me?
Marinette::: Uh, nothing, you?
Adrien::: Just I was wondering what that eye thing was.
Marinette::: I don't know but we better lay low, I'll text Alya and ask if she can call for help. 
Kim:::So, here first, huh?
Style Queen::: Everyone's a loser today! 
Nathalie::: Kim N'guyen, holder of the Miraculous of the Monkey, neutralized.
Shadow Moth::: That leaves us Alya Césaire and Nino Lahiffe, the fox and the turtle.Style Queen, only two left.
Marinette::: Call this number!
Alya::: Hello?
Trixx::: I knew the guardian should have let me go to the party!
Alya::: Trixx?
Alya:::Hey there, it's Alya, if you want to stay connected, leave a message!
Nathalie::: Nino Lahiffe, located. Alone.
Shadow Moth::: Style Queen, you're up.
Shadow Moth::: I know the perfect bait to lure our last target out of her hiding place.
Shadow Moth::: Sentinino, I am Shadow Moth. You will help me find Alya Césaire.
Sentinino:::Alya? Alya?
Kaalki::: Come on, saddle up!
Sentinino:::Alya? Alya? Alya?
Alya::: Um, Kaalki, when a kwami uses their power without their holder, doesn't it usually set off some kind of catastrophe?
Kaalki:::I never set off catastrophes! Only exceptional events.
Marinette:::Don't forget to take the Bee Miraculous, Alya. It's essential to the plan.
Alya::: I know girl, don't worry!
Alya::: Time to shine, guys!
Trixx and Pollen::: Yeah! 
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce! 
Rena Rouge::: Mirage!And voila! A cool little Ladybug illusion to keep Style Queen busy while I'll… 
Longg::: Did the guardian ask you to do that?
Rena Rouge::: Just a precaution.
Kaalki::: Voyage! 
Sentinino:::Alya? Alya? Alya? Alya? Alya?
Rena Rouge::: Shh, shh! Style Queen might hear you.
Nathalie::: Alya Césaire located sir, but she's already transformed into Rena Rouge and she's with a kwami.
Shadow Moth::: What?!
Rena Rouge::: Here, your Miraculous.
Shadow Moth through Sentinino::: Why are you the one giving it to me?
Rena Rouge::: Ladybug gave me a mission while she's dealing with Style Queen. Transform yourself and help her, I'll meet up later.
Nathalie::: The only person Ladybug entrusted to distribute a miraculous in the past was Cat Noir.
Shadow Moth::: Seems Alya Césaire is not just any holder, be that as it may our plan has not been compromised. Wayzz…
Sentinino::: …Shell On! 
Nathalie::: Optigami, merge with the Miraculous.
Shadow Moth through Senticarapace::: Today, I promise you a great victory Ladybug, but what you don't know is that thanks to Optigami, your victory will also be mine!
Rena Rouge::: Everything's fine. Ladybug sent me to get you out of the tower and to shelter before I head out to help her fight Style Queen. Kaalki!
Kaalki::: Voyage!
Rena Rouge::: You first.
Tikki::: Wow Marinette, that was very well played!
Marinette::: Thanks. Tikki, spots on!
Rena Rouge::: Stay here, I'll be back for you as soon as we defeated the villain. 
Adrien::: It's not going to be easy to get back into that tower.
Plagg::: Then let's go home.
Adrien::: No, not just yet. Plagg claws out! 
Ladybug::: Good job girls!
Rena Rouge::: That was some mission, right, Kaalki?
Kaalki::: True, we did act with some mastery.
Ladybug::: Just so I know, how many times did you use you power?
Kaalki:::Uhh, a certain amount of times...?
Ladybug::: I don't even want to imagine the catastrophes those teleportations may have caused...!
Ladybug:::There's no time to lose!
Ladybug::: Tikki, Pollen, Unify!
Lady Bee::: Amazing job Rena.
Lady Bee::: Carapace?
Rena Rouge::: There's never too many of us to help, right?
Lady Bee::: Mmm, you're right. Carapace will be useful to us.
Lady Bee:::Lucky Charm.
Lady Bee::: Weird, I think I can beat Style Queen without my Lucky Charm. Well, the important thing is to beat her no matter. Now, call back your illusion.
Style Queen::: So, you want to play hide and seek Ladybug?
Rena Rouge::: Reality.
Style Queen::: 
Lady Bee::: Carapace, I need you to protect me.
Senticarapace::: Got it!
Shadow Moth::: I'll follow your lead.Don't worry, I won't say anything to Style Queen, Ladybug. I'll protect you because nothing should prevent you from winning today!
Lady Bee::: Venom!
Senticarapace::: Shell-ter!
Style Queen::: What?
Senticarapace::: Shell off!
Lady Bee::: Buzz off!
Ladybug:::No more evil doing for you little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly.
Audrey::: Ladybug?
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Audrey::: Ridiculous, utterly ridiculous!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, Rena Rouge, Carapace? How did you get in?
Kaalki::: Hello, Cat Noir.
Ladybug::: Sorry, Cat Noir, I would've come to get you if I knew your true identity.
Cat Noir::: Like I always say milady, “to know me is to love me”.
Ladybug::: On second thought.Rena Rouge, Carapace.Stay here Cat Noir, I'll be back.
Rena Rouge::: It was so easy to beat the villain this time.
Shadow Moth through Senticarapace::: It's because she had good partners.
Ladybug, Rena Rouge and Senticarapace::: Pound It!
Rena Rouge::: Let's rest.
Senticarapace::: Shell off.
Ladybug::: I don't understand.It's been so easy.
Ladybug:::I didn't even get to use my Lucky Charm.
Ladybug::: Normally it's been the key element to defeat the villain.
Shadow Moth::: Our trap has just snapped shut, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: I guess it was only here to help repair everything. 
Ladybug:::We're gonna have to be a lot more careful now. Shadow Moth knows the identities of some of the people I have given a miraculous and apparently he decided to use this information.Isn't that right, Shadow Moth?
Ladybug::: I'm sorry Alya, you better move away from him. This isn't Nino, it's a Sentimonster.
Alya::: Huh? 
Nathalie::: That's impossible! 
Shadow Moth::: How did she figure it out?! 
Ladybug:::Cataclysm this for me, will you?
Cat Noir:::But it's a miraculous!
Ladybug::: Trust me.
Nathalie::: Ah! 
Shadow Moth:::One day, I'll get you Ladybug! I release you from your existence. 
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug! 
Cat Noir::: How did you figure out there was a sentimonster in that miraculous, m'lady?
Ladybug::: Thanks to my lucky charm, kitty cat, it always shows me the right way, except this time, I'd gotten the villain wrong.
Alya::: Shadow Moth almost unmasked you because of me. I should have never taken the Turtle Miraculous.
Marinette::: It's true, you did make a mistake, and that's why I have to make a difficult decision. The most important thing is to learn from our mistakes. And today, I learned that I need an ally who will replace me if something happens to me one day.From now on, you will keep the Miraculous of the Fox with you, and I'm going to tell you everything I know.
Trixx::: See, I'm always right, even when I'm wrong!
Gabriel::: We don't know our enemies well enough Nathalie. Alya Césaire seems to have a special status in the organization Ladybug has set up since she has became guardian. It's time to take an interest in her.
