Kim::: Hmm. I choose—Max!
Kim::: Markov, who's gonna give me 100% chance of winning?
Markov::: Processing. 
Marinette::: Alya! 
Kim::: Oh no, Alya was Markov's pick.
Marinette::: Hey, using Markov is cheating!
Kim::: Well we're gonna need the best players if we're gonna win right?
Chloé::: Since we obviously know who's gonna win, there's no point in playing. I'm going home.
Miss Bustier::: Nobody's going home and nobody's going to cheat. I specifically asked Mr. Didier to join us to teach you how to play together and develop some team spirit.
Didier Roustan::: Yes, in soccer. What's important is not winning or losing, but enjoying yourselves by playing together. Together means not only with your teammates, but with everybody on the field.
Kim::: And I really like playing with my opponents. Especially when we're crushing them.
Didier Roustan::: Can you all think of ways to make teams more fair?
Alix::: We can try girls against Boys! 
Kim::: No way we'd lose again!
Rose::: I know! By alphabetical order of the names of our teddy bears.
Alya::: Rose, you're the only one who still has a teddy bear.
Nino::: You and Chloé.
Chloé::: Of course I have a teddy…Uhhh I mean ridiculous, utterly ridiculous.
Marinette::: Why don't we draw for it?
Rose::: Oh yeah, that's a great idea!cheer)
Nathaniel:::I don't see what's so great about running around chasing a ball and what if I hurt my hand. I wouldn't be able to draw comics anymore.
Marc::: Nath, you play soccer with your feet, your hands will be fine and it's fun you'll see. Soccer is all about Bicycle kicks, Marseille turns, Rainbow kicks, and since you like stories so much just wait, a good game is full of exciting twists and turns. Like a good manga!
Nathaniel::: Well, I'd still rather be working on our comic.
Marc::: But you can't skip the class, don't you realize? Miss Bustier got Mr. Didier to come here. He's a legend in sports journalism, a real walking encyclopedia of soccer.
Nathaniel::: Oh, come on Marc! Think of an excuse for me please? You're the writer after all. And that way you'll get to meet Mr. Didier.
Marc::: And so…that's why he can't be here for this class.
Miss Bustier::: That means we're missing a player.
Didier Roustan::: Wouldn't you like to play?
Marc:::Uh…No I…This isn't my class and I'm not all that good. 
Didier Roustan::: It's your call. Uh mind passing me that ball over there before you go?
Marinette::: You absolutely have to play!
Didier Roustan::: 
Chloé::: Sabrina!
Sabrina::: 
Chloé::: I forbid you to play this stupid game!
Marinette::: Don't listing to Chloé, you're allowed to play soccer if you like it. 
Chloé::: The only thing she likes is obeying me! 
Mylène::: Sorry Sabrina. Go ahead Teddy Bear.
Ivan::: But I might hurt someone if I kick to hard or jostle them.
Rose::: Sorry! 
Kim::: Awesome!
Marinette:::Oops.
Nino::: Dude quick, pass it! 
Didier Roustan:::Handball! Like my friend Andréa said: Football is played with the head. Your feet are just the tools. But yeah, only the goalie can touch the ball with their hands.
Adrien::: Oh, sorry I'm not that familiar with the rules.
Didier Roustan::: Oh! Reminds me if my friend Michelle at '84.
Kim::: Hey Chloé you're the one who's supposed to stop the ball!
Chloé:::There is no way I'm touching that round thing. I don't wanna catch some kind of disease or even worse lameness!
Sabrina::: I can replace you if you want? I love being the goalie.
Alya::: But you're not even on her team!
Nino::: If we don't have a real goalie then it's a losing battle.
Chloé::: I refuse to be on a team of losers, I'm going home!
Miss Bustier::: Ah-Ah. Chloé you cannot go home during school hours.
Marinette::: If you wanna win Chloé, then just play.
Chloé::: How come I can't be on the Bench with what's-her-name over there.
Lila::: Uh, Ow.
Rose::: Lila's injured.
Marinette:::Another one of her lies.
Chloé::: We'll I'm injured too! In my wrist. Ow! Owch! Owwie! 
Marinette::: That's your thigh!
Chloé::: Nobody asked you baker girl!
Didier Roustan::: Anyone have an idea how to include your classmates in the game while still keeping the game fair and engaging?
Marinette::: Well…Chloé could switch teams with every goal. The team that wins will be the one that did the best with his handicap.
Chloé::: 
Marinette::: Uhh…I mean having Chloé as their goalie.
Didier Roustan::: Nicely done captain. Marinette, is it?
Marinette::: Yes. Thank you, sir.
Chloé:::Well I find Dupain-Cheng's idea ridiculous, utterly ridiculous!
Sabrina::: Why don't you just call your father? As mayor he can just cancel this class since I…mean we hate soccer.
Chloé::: No need. I'm waiting for a call from someone else, someone much more powerful.
Shadow Moth::: Ah, Chloé Bourgeois it's been too long. Ladybug's Magical Charm has put you on the sidelines, but now it's time for a rematch!Time for kickoff my Megakuma. Give back all the aggressiveness to my favorite striker?
Shadow Moth:::Penalty, I am Shadow Moth. Your classmates are forcing you to play soccer? I'm giving you the power to make them loathe this sport forever. To accomplish this, you'll be an invincible team with all the guarantees of winning it all, including cheating of course. In exchange...
Chloé::: Save your breath: victory and the Miraculous. I know.
Sabrina::: Chloé!
Penalty::: Huh, you wanted to play soccer? Okay, then let's play.
Marinette::: But I thought you didn't like soccer.
Penalty::: I can't stand it and I promise that when I'm done with you, you too will never wanna play this ridiculous game ever again.
Miss Bustier::: Chloé, vengeance is never the solution to any problem.
Penalty::: I'm no longer Chloé. From now on call me Penalty and here's my Penalteam!
Marc::: Miss Bustier!
Penalty clone::: The first half is 45 minutes. If I win, no one will ever play soccer in this city again! Hahahahaha!
Alya::: If you play anything like Chloé, this is going to be easy! 
Marinette::: Alya, no!
Penalty::: The Penalteam is invincible you bunch of losers!
Alix::: That goal doesn't count! There was a foul on Alya!
Didier Roustan::: She's right, that's a red card!
Penalty::: I get to decide the rules!And you, since you like to talk so much, why don't you be our official commentator. 
Penalty::: Giving up already? And I thought you loved soccer! 
Penalty::: But I'm warning you: The more I score, the more cramped your friends will be.
Didier Roustan:::Welcome to the Stadium of Princesses…Or not?
Marinette::: No intention of losing this game! Tikki, Spots On! 
Plagg::: Ah, for pity's sake anything but soccer please! 
Adrien::: Sorry, but Ladybug and I are a team. Plagg, Claws Out! 
Didier Roustan:::Just when it seemed all hope was lost, Ladybug enters the field!
Ladybug::: You wanna play soccer? How about battling it out on an equal playing field!
Penalty::: Ah Ladybug! Nothing would make me happier than crushing you and your team of ridiculous losers.
Ladybug:::No need for a whole team, it's just Cat Noir and me against your clones!We'll be so awesome you won't even see the ball! We're gonna win and de-akumatize you in no time! 
Penalty:::The Akuma is the trophy and trophies are for winners, not losers! 
Ladybug:::Nice scare tactics, but it's not gonna work. Cat Noir and I are the best at soccer!
Cat Noir:::I don't know a thing about soccer M'lady. Maybe it's time to call the real team?
Ladybug:::Oh, well Cat Noir will attend the goals while I get the rest of our team.
Penalteam:::I guess you're not that confident after all Ladybug! Let's see what you're made of kitty cat!
Didier Roustan:::From the look on his face, not champion material I'm afraid.
Ladybug::: Sabrina Raincomprix, here is the Miraculous of the dog which grants the power to fetch and return whatever your ball has touched. 
Sabrina::: I'm sorry but, I can't do that to Chloé!
Ladybug::: That's not Chloé out there, it's Penalteam. Don't you want to set her free?
Sabrina::: If It's to save Chloé, then yes! Besides I love soccer! 
Barkk::: Hi, I'm Barkk, and I'm your kwami!
Marc::: Ladybug, I'm really not that good at soccer. I- 
Ladybug::: You're too hard on yourself. You're more talented than you realize.
Orikko::: Hi. I'm Orikko. Let's play!
Nathaniel::: It's just, I'm.. flattered, Ladybug. But I don't feel comfortable being on a team. 
Ladybug::: Really? Aren't you the one who's teamed up with the writer to create those Ladybug comics? You will use it for the greater good and return it to me once the job is done. Can I trust you?
Ziggy::: Hi, I'm your kwami, Ziggy!
Ladybug::: Can I trust you?
Stompp::: Hi, I'm Stompp. Let's add some muscle to this game.
Ivan::: What if I hurt someone using my superpowers?
Ladybug::: It's good to be careful, Ivan, but remember, you'll be on a team of superheroes facing supervillains! No one can be hurt. 
Didier Roustan:::Left on his own, Cat Noir seems exhausted. Penalteam's cannonballs have hurtled the feline in the cat food! It's not sport anymore, it's animal abuse!
Ladybug::: You didn't do so badly, kitty cat!
Didier Roustan::: Ladybug is back! Here's the group selected for this decisive match! Ladybug remains faithful in her classical line-up Carapace, Pegasus, Polymouse, King Monkey, Purple Tigress, Pigella, Vesperia, Viperion and Ryuko!
Didier Roustan::: But also 4 new recruits' who's names I don't know...
Miss Hound::: Miss Hound!
Rooster Bold::: Rooster Bold!
Caprikid::: Caprikid!
Minotaurox::: Minotaurox!
Penalteam::: Blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, losers, are you done yet?
Cat Noir:::You got a plan for getting our paws on the akumatized object?
Ladybug::: That'll be our trophy when we win.
Cat Noir::: What if we don't?
Ladybug::: Come on, I know the secrets of this game!
Penalteam::: Let's finish this soccer game once and for all!
Didier Roustan::: And so begins the battle of the century between Penalteam and the Miraculous team!
Didier Roustan::: Impossible, injustice, treason!
Ladybug::: Foul!
Penalteam::: Not according to my rules!
Ladybug:::Careful, you don't want her to touch you with her feet!
Didier Roustan::: Penalty passes to Penalty, who passes to Penalty! What a show of incredible coordination as if they were one! Which seems to be the case! Pegasus lets Penalty pass... 
Didier Roustan::: Ladybug's team seems thrown off course! 
Penalteam::: Yahoo!
King Monkey::: The goal's gone, now what do we do?
Penalteam::: We move on to the next level, losers!
Didier Roustan::: The playing field has gone from just the stadium to all of Paris! This is total soccer, like my friend Johann used to say!
Didier Roustan::: And the game resumes with a long clearance to Ladybug! Ladybug seems determined to turn this game around! Purple Tigress is in a good position...
Ladybug::: Purple Tigress, cover me!
Purple Tigress::: Huh? Clout! 
Didier Roustan::: Minotaurox who just came in to replace Viperion is unmarked, but Ladybug decides to go alone.The Penalteam seizes their chance and take back control of the ball what a shame!
Ladybug::: Give it back!
Ryuko:::Stop! Ladybug, I got this! 
Didier Roustan::: Ladybug will have to play more of a team game if she wants to block Penalteam's aggressive and coordinated strategy.
Cat Noir::: Woo-hoo!
Didier Roustan:::Cat Noir just scored an own goal! Now that's what I call a cat-tastrophe!
Cat Noir::: Huh? But I scored not her.
Carapace::: You scored against your own team Cat Noir! You put the ball into the Penalteam's goal!
Cat Noir::: Ah! Got it!
Carapace::: Shell-ter 
Didier Roustan::: Keeping the Penalteam from scoring is a good start, but it's a long road to victory. Halftime!
Ladybug::: No one uses their power anymore, it's too risky if you get caught and imprisoned. Go recharge your kwamis and transform back. 
Ladybug:::I'm sorry, I've been a bad captain. I played a solo game, I forgot we're a team. I'm gonna need all of you now, more than ever.
Rooster Bold::: Are you sure? I'm not really..
Ladybug::: You're an excellent player, Rooster Bold. That's why I chose you. That's why I chose all of you! Let's play together, and bring all of our individual strengths together onto the field!
All::: Together!
Didier Roustan::: Ladybug's team is back onto the field with a 4-3-3 formation and a toughly new spirit!
Ladybug::: King Monkey is just ahead of you, to your right!
Ladybug::: King Monkey, switch wings, on your right, to Vesperia! 
Ladybug::: You're up, Rooster Bold! You can't score a goal if you can't take a shot!
Didier Roustan::: GOAL! The change of strategy seems to be paying off! The game is smoother and better coordinated! Come on, Team Miraculous! 
Didier Roustan::: It's a tie! With only thirty seconds left! 
Didier Roustan::: Nice rainbow flip, perfectly executed by Ladybug!
Ladybug::: Use your power and shoot as hard as you can!
Minotaurox:::Resistance!
Didier Roustan::: Incredible! It looks like Minotaurox is now impervious to all other powers!
Didier Roustan::: My friends this is more than just a miraculous comeback, it's a miraculata! Ladybug's team has won!
Ladybug::: I think we've earned our trophy.
Penalteam::: No, this is not over!
Cat Noir::: But that's not fair!
Penalteam::: It's my soccer game - I can do whatever I want! I'm the villain! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Didier Roustan::: Cat Noir's been hit! In 5 minutes he'll transform back and reveal his secret identity, unless our heroes can get their hands on an Akuma… that's unreachable!
Shadow Moth::: Ah, I love sports just for unique moments like these.
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug:::Okay Penalteam, we'll keep playing.So we can't win, she'll never let us and the glasses are out of reach. The only way to end this is if Chloé rejects the Akuma herself. We'll have 5 minutes to make the Penalteam despise playing soccer so much, that she'll quit the game.
Carapace::: How?
Ladybug::: By making her realize she can't win. We'll be a team of invincible superheroes! We will use our powers indefinitely without ever transforming back!
Vesperia::: But that's impossible! If we use our powers, we will transform back after 5 minutes.
Ladybug::: True, but we can make the Penalteam believe otherwise. Thanks to Caprikid's power.
Caprikid::: Hmm. What we need is a magic wand. I can create any object I want, so I guess I could make a wand, but I don't have the power to make it magic.
Ladybug::: Also true, but Penalteam doesn't have to know that.
Didier Roustan::: Ladybug's 11 are in position, there are less than 4 minutes before Ladybug and Cat Noir transform back!
Penalteam::: Ready for your countdown as a superhero, Lady-Loser?
Ladybug::: Never claim a goal before the ball has crossed the line Penalty! 
Caprikid::: Genesis!Thanks to this magic wand, I'm granting you all the power to indefinitely use your powers!No more time limits,no transforming back, unlimited number of use!
Penalteam:::But that.. that's cheating!
Ladybug::: You were the one that wanted to play right? So we will, indefinitely and we're gonna love it, forever!
Penalteam::: Hey, don't touch that!
Miss Hound::: Sorry, I just love ballies.
Miss Hound::: Fetch!
Penalteam::: What?!
Ladybug::: Super! Miss Hound!
Rooster Bold:::Sublimation!
Penalteam:::Sublimation? You have the power to make yourself less ugly?
Rooster Bold::: Actually my power is to choose a super ability, and I choose to score a ball anytime I shoot.And that's how it's gonna be every time I get the ball!
Penalty 1::: You're…lame!
Penalty 2::: It's not us, it was them! 
Didier Roustan::: The tension is starting to rise between the Penalteam players.
Vesperia::: Venom!
Didier Roustan::: There you go! A winning team is a united team. United by its diversity, a team where everyone's individualities find expression and complement each other! That's the beauty of team sports! Like my friend Arsenne said, In soccer the important thing is not to have the eleven best, but the best eleven.
Penalteam::: So you're just gonna keep scoring everytime? That's not fair!
Ladybug::: Yep, and that's the way it's gonna be, forever.
King Monkey::: Uproar!
Penalty:::But… what has this fool done?! My powers all messed up now!
King Monkey::: Nah, I just made it way more fun.
Penalty 2:::You are so useless!
Penalty 3::: No, you're useless!
Penalty 4::: You're both ridiculous! Stop going quack-quack!
Penalty 5::: You're the one who's going quack-quack!
Penalty 6:::Stop making that noise!
Penalty 7::: But if we can't move, we can't play!
Penalty::: I am done with you! I can't stand you another minute! You're all ridiculous, utterly ridiculous! 
Shadow Moth::: Don't give up, Penalty, a little ridiculousness never hurt anyone!
Penalty::: You're the one who's ridiculous, and so is your Akuma, I'm sick of your games!
Shadow Moth::: Ahh!
Ladybug:::No more evil-doing for your little Akuma…Time to de-evilize! Gotcha!Bye-bye little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug!
Shadow Moth::: Ladybug! I came as your opponent, I'll leave as you're your worst nightmare! 
Marinette::: Miss Bustier, Mr. Didier, we've all discussed it and we all agree: Chloé shouldn't have to play if she doesn't want to.
Chloé:::Oh that's too kind of you Dupain-Cheng! Yuck!
Didier Roustan::: Hmm, we're gonna be one player short again.
Nathaniel::: Well, I could play. I mean, if it's okay with you?
Chloé:::What are you waiting for?!
Sabrina::: Please Chloé, I'd like to…
Chloé::: Ugh, whatever! Go play with these bunch of losers, after all you're just like them. 
Lila::: Welcome to the bench.
Chloé::: What's your name again?
Lila::: It's not my name that matters, but who I hate. And I think we have a lot in common on that front. 
