Tikki:::Sizzling hot revelations?
Marinette Dupain-Cheng:::Can you believe it Tikki? An entire hour-long special about me and Cat Noir. Pretty exciting, huh?
Tikki:::Marinette, you're a superhero, not a star. You have to remain a mystery to protect yourself from Hawk Moth and his super villains.
Marinette:::Don't worry, I only accepted this because I want the people of Paris to know that Cat Noir and I will always do whatever it takes to keep them safe.
Tikki::: Just be careful tonight, okay?
Marinette::: Tonight? What do you mean tonight?Tonight I have babysitting, the show is tomorrow. 
Nadja:::Don't forget, tonight. Face To Face, live with Ladybug and Cat Noir. 
Tikki::: And that's probably why you babysit tonight.
Manon Chamack::: Marinette!Marinette!
Marinette::: Manon. Mrs. Chamack, I, uh, I just saw your ad for your show... tonight.
Nadja::: Sorry, I'm running late. Thanks again for watching Manon.I've put a bunch of things for her in her bag and she's already had dinner. Oh, I'm so glad you were free tonight.
Marinette::: Uh, yeah.I had no other plans. No plans at all.
Nadja::: I better get going. I've got a lot writing this interview. I need all of Paris in front of the screen tonight.Sweetie, just for tonight, you're allowed to watch some television with Marinette.
Manon::: Yay!Mommy's gonna be on TV with Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Marinette::: You'll do great, Mrs. Chamack. Besides, you already have two viewers. 
Nadja::: Wish me luck and tell all your friends to tune in.
Marinette::: I will!Uh, Alya?
Arlette:::We're on air in 10 and still no Cat in sight. You sure you have this in control, Nadja?
Nadja::: Yes, Arlette. I got this, as promised. Biggest audience of the year!
Arlette::: Well let's hope so, if you want to keep this show prime-time in the future. 
Nadja:::Which way did you come in?
Cat Noir::: Secret celebrity door.I see Ladybug's running behind, huh?
Nadja::: I thought you'd be arriving together.
Cat Noir:::Wanna hear a secret?I love chouquettes.
Arlette:::Is that the sizzling hot information I've been promised?
Nadja::: No, of course not.
Arlette::: Well, you know the rules. Primetime, prime info.No info, no more show!
Staff towards Arlette's left::: We're on the air in 5.
Cat Noir::: I'm sorry, she's not picking up.
Alya Césaire::: Super Manon to the rescue, woohoo!
Manon::: To the Eiffel Tower and beyond!
Marinette::: Glad you could make it last minute, Alya.
Alya::: Of course, it's way more fun watching your favorite superhero on TV with my favorite girls.
Commentator:::When we return from commercial, Nadja Chamack will be joined by Ladybug and Cat Noir for an incredible, exclusive interview.
Manon:::Mommy, there's mommy!
Alya::: Why can't I get an exclusive interview like that for my Ladyblog? 
Marinette:::Oh, I forgot to err, tell my bakery something. They're in the parents downstairs. Do you mind keeping an eye on Manon while I'm not here?
Alya::: Don't you mean tell your parents something in the bakery?
Marinette:::Err, right. Well, err, sometimes, it can take a while - they don't always understand even when I explain. Err, actually, it's not their fault, they...
Alya::: Marinette?
Marinette::: Yes?
Alya::: Go!
Marinette::: Right!Alya's such a good friend, I feel so guilty for inviting her over just so I can leave her with Manon - then again, Alya is Ladybug's biggest fan - she'd be crushed if her favorite superhero didn't turn up for her favorite TV show.
Tikki::: It's your choice, Marinette. 
Marinette::: Well...
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Staff::: Going live in ten, nine...
Arlette::: Eight seconds from the greatest fail in TV history. 
Cat Noir::: I thought you decided to stand me up, m'lady!
Ladybug::: And let the audience down? Never. I'm sorry I'm so late, Nadja.
Arlette:::Saved by the bug! Well, now, I'm counting on you to boost to those ratings sky high.Make that red turn green.
Nadja::: Good evening. I'm Nadja Chamack and this is Face To Face. For our first edition, I welcome the beloved guardians of Paris - Ladybug and Cat Noir.Hello, thanks so much for accepting this exclusive live interview. 
Ladybug::: Well, thank you Nadja, we're honored to be here.
Cat Noir::: And hello to all my fans! 
Nadja::: I'm sure thousands have tuned in to watch you tonight.
Ladybug::: Don't encourage him, Nadja, or the cat won't stop purring all night.
Cat Noir::: Don't listen to her. Bugaboo's just a spot jealous.
Ladybug:::Hey, I thought we agreed on no more Bugaboo calling, pussycat.
Cat Noir::: But it's so cute. 
Nadja Chamack:::It's obvious you two are very close.
Manon:::Marinette is missing the whole thing.
Alya::: What could that girl be doing?
Nadja::: People know you but they don't really know you. We see you saving Paris but we don't know anything else about you.
Cat Noir::: We won't be keeping anything from you, Nadja.
Ladybug::: Well we do have to keep a few secrets, including our identities of course. 
Nadja:::absolutely! How about we start a few questions from your biggest fans?
Ladybug::: Yup, let's do it.
Nadja:::Hello caller.State your name and your question.
Chloé::: Err, seriously Nadja? Surely, no one would be the first caller but me. I'm only the most prestigious fan of Ladybug.
Nadja::: Oh yes, of course. Hello there, Chloé Bourgeois. Daughter of the mayor of Paris...
Chloé::: And don't forget my daddy is the manager of the Grand Paris, the best luxury hotel in the entire city.
Nadja::: Err, thank you for reminding us. What is your question, Chloé? 
Chloé:::Oh, I don't have a question. I just wanted to say hi, since as you all know, we're such very good friends - Ladybug, Cat Noir and I!
Nadja Chamack:::Uh, thank you, Chloé Bourgeois - next caller...
Chloé::: Hey, I'm not finished, who gives you the right to- 
Alya:::Hi there, Ladybug and Cat Noir.I'm Alya and I was wondering if you can grab me an interview for the Ladyblog. You know, since I have way more viewers than Nadja!What do you say?
Ladybug::: Err, yeah, sure Alya. I'd love to do that. 
Alya::: That totally rocks. Thank you, thank you! 
Manon::: I'm on TV?Mommy!
Nadja::: Manon? But, where's Marinette? 
Manon::: She had to go tell her parents something.
Alya::: Err, yeah, and sometimes, it can take a while.
Arlette:::What's going on, Nadja? Is this some kind of joke? Just get to the scoop, now!
Nadja:::Uh, Ladybug, Cat Noir, um, so a lot of fans think of you as a couple of superheroes. But also, and I quote unquote, as a couple. Period.
Ladybug:::What?
Nadja::: Can you confirm that you're dating here, tonight?
Ladybug::: Uh-uh-I'm very sorry Nadja, but we're superheroes. We're not here to answer such personal questions.
Cat Noir::: Meow, m'ladybug's grown claws.
Ladybug::: We're here to ensure all Parisians that they're safe and that it's only a matter of time before we defeat Hawk Moth, that's all.
Arlette:::You told me you had a inside scoop.
Nadja::: Fine. How do you explain these photographs then? 
Cat Noir:::What? When did that happen?
Ladybug:::I was saving you, not kissing you! 
Arlette:::Good job, keep that up!
Nadja Chamack:::The superheroes gasp out of shock upon looking at the images)
Nadja::: It's so obvious that you're both in love.
Ladybug::: These are just a bunch of photos taken out of context! We're only doing our job. We save the city every day, we're not a couple. 
Cat Noir::: But hopefully, one day...
Ladybug::: Cat...not now!
Nadja::: Why won't you tell the truth?
Ladybug::: But it is the truth, Nadja.
Nadja::: C'mon, the audience awaits your answer.
Ladybug::: This interview is so over. 
Cat Noir::: Woah, what's the rush?
Ladybug::: Uh, there's an alert. Paris needs us right now!
Cat Noir::: Uh, sorry. When duty calls... Gotta get going!
Arlette:::Don't let them leave.
Nadja::: Hey.. Wait you two, the show is not over yet. Your fans will be disappointed if they don't get an answer.
Ladybug::: If they are true fans, they'll understand. 
Cat Noir::: The Lady's right!
Commercial voice::: Beauty. comfort. 
Arlette::: Well, say bye bye, Nadja. This is officially your first and last primetime show.
Hawk Moth::: A journalist ridiculed by Ladybug and Cat Noir. Now that's the perfect prey.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize her! 
Hawk Moth::: Prime Queen, I am Hawk Moth. I see Ladybug and Cat Noir have denied you the answers you deserve. Seal their Miraculous and will get your scoop.
Nadja::: The highest ratings will be mine. 
Cat Noir::: So who are we saving again?
Ladybug::: Just us, Nadja was willing to do anything to make sure her show would be a success and I'm not about to answer anymore of her prime questions.
Cat Noir::: That's the price of success my lady, the price of stardom. 
Ladybug::: We're superheroes not stars we should be doing our job not looking like fools on TV.
Cat Noir::: Wait I wasn't planning on getting home so early. Why don't we get some ice cream, I know the purr-fect place. 
Jagged:::changes the channel
Cheeses:::changes the channel
André Bourgeois::: It's not possible. changes the channel
Aurore Beauréal::: She's a girl and she doesn't have a shampoo? What the bubble- turns off the TV altogether
Alya::: Ugh my interview would've been so much better.
Manon::: Why can't we see mommy on TV anymore and where's Marinette?
Alya::: I'm sure she'll be back soon before you can say super Mano- 
Prime Queen::: Welcome to a new show, hosted by me, Prime Queen.
Prime Queen::: Don't be bemused, it's just the news.
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Nadja?
Prime Queen::: Tonight, Ladybug and Cat Noir disappointed all their loyal fans by refusing to admit their love for one another. . I've prepared some trials just to see how far they're prepared to keep the truth hidden from us.
Chloé::: 
Prime Queen:::Hmm
Chloé::: Hey! You're not allowed to come in here!
Chloé::: Security!
Prime Queen::: Let's welcome our very first guest, Chloé Bourgeois, who's apparently a personal friend of our two superheroes.
Chloé::: I certainly am.
Ladybug::: Just proves that you can't believe everything you see on TV.
Prime Queen::: Well then, dear Chloé, let's find out if you really can count on them as true friends.
Subway rider::: Huh?
Chloé::: Hey, watch it! You're wrinkling my clothes! Do you realize how much they cost?
Chloé::: Ugh, this can't be happening to me! I never, ever take the subway train! It's so, so, not me!Ugh, gross.
Prime Queen:::Welcome, to the subway of suspense! If it reachesseventy miles per hour , you can say goodbye to you precious little friend.
Prime Queen:::Well, well, look here, the ratings are rising! More and more of you want to know if our superhero friends will get here on time. The suspense is killing her!Ladybug! Cat Noir! Are you willing to travel through the screen to save your darling Chloé?
Chloé::: Ladybug, Cat Noir! I beg you, save my jacket!
Cat Noir::: 
Ladybug::: What if it's a trap? I think I'd rather get there by my own means.
Cat Noir:::There are many, many subway lines in Paris, which means a hundred and forty miles of rails. If we want to get there in time to save Chloé, I don't think we have a choice.
Ladybug::: Huh, just admit you love being on TV.
Cat Noir::: I don't get stage fright, Bugaboo.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: 
Chloé:::Ugh, finally, what took you so long? Hurry up and get me out of this underground nightmare! Woah! 
Prime Queen:::You're about to be the stars of the highest rated show in all of TV history!
Ladybug::: The akuma must be in that watch! I'll deal with Prime Queen.
Cat Noir::: I'll deal with the door.
Cat Noir::: We're trapped!
Prime Queen::: The rules for my show are simple, admit the truth live on TV that you're dating and in love and I'll stop the train!
Ladybug::: A superhero never lies! We won't admit to something that's not true.
Prime Queen::: I want my scoop!
Cat Noir::: I'll use my Cataclysm.
Ladybug::: No wait, we might need it for an emergency.
Cat Noir::: Yeah, like right now!
Ladybug::: We have to lure her over her first or we'll never capture her akuma! So let's just play along with her, at least it'll buy us some time.
Cat Noir::: Meaning?
Ladybug::: Okay Prime Queen , you win. I confess, Cat Noir and I are dating, like you said. We are.. in..love.
Cat Noir::: 
Ladybug::: Did I just hear you purr?
Cat Noir:::Uh, no way!
Prime Queen:::Our two heroic lovebirds are saving their fan's life by admitting their true feelings. Our viewers are going crazy! But, our TV ratings haven't maxed out yet. You must do better!
Ladybug::: Then come and join us, Prime Queen. You're the host and the star of the show after all. Then you'll have your ratings.
Hawk Moth::: Order them to give you their Miraculous!
Prime Queen::: My show, my rules, Ladybug! To prove that your feelings are genuine, you're going to have to take off your masks, which means you must both give me your Miraculous!
Ladybug::: Not a chance, Prime Queen!
Cat Noir::: Wait, I know how we can prove our feelings.Pucker up!
Ladybug:::Not a chance, kitty.
Cat Noir::: Is the show over? 
Ladybug::: If we can't get to her, we'll never be able to capture her akuma!
Prime Queen:::My dear viewers, you are in for the reveal of a lifetime! 
Alya:::Ladybug, help me, please!
Prime Queen:::Oh wait, isn't this the girl who started the famous Ladyblog? The first one who ever filmed Ladybug?
Ladybug:::Ah! No, Alya!
Prime Queen:::Next trial, your Miraculous! Or else your biggest fan will be mummified! 
Cat Noir::: 
Ladybug::: Let's leap in, before she runs!
Chloé::: Hey! Ugh, wait! What about me? Someone get me out of here!
Cat Noir::: We're not at the Louvre...
Ladybug::: It was a double-cross! 
Prime Queen::: 
Cat Noir::: Uh, Cataclysm?
Ladybug:::There's no point! We're probably far away from the Louvre! By the time we get there it'll be too late to save Alya!
Cat Noir::: So, a kiss then? 
Ladybug:::Still not a chance, Cat Noir.
Prime Queen::: The time has come to push those ratings sky high! Let's try this again. Remove your Miraculous and reveal your true selves! The whole world is watching you!
Hawk Moth::: The perfect plan, Prime Queen. They're cornered! Their Miraculous are mine!
Prime Queen:::There's no use looking for a way out! 
Alya::: Ow!
Prime Queen::: Unless, you want to see your biggest fan in deep water. 
Prime Queen::: Hurry up, you two. Don't wanna keep your audience waiting.
Ladybug::: You're right! Lucky Charm!A tape roll? What am I supposed to do with this? Hmm...Of course! 
Cat Noir:::Hurry up, she's about to push Alya in the water!
Ladybug:::One minute!
Cat Noir::: That's too long!
Prime Queen::: Listen to the cat. 
Ladybug:::Voilà! 
Prime Queen:::What's happening?
Ladybug::: Fine, you win, Prime Queen.We'll remove our Miraculous. The whole world will see us without our masks!
Cat Noir:::And We're about to kiss! Shame you're missing it!
Ladybug::: So unlucky!
Prime Queen:::If you're lying, you're going to regret it. 
Cat Noir:::And now you're stuck with us.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!Ladies first!
Ladybug::: Thank you! No more evildoing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Nadja:::W-w-what just happened?
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Prime Queen turned out to be bad news. But soon, I'll be broadcasting the end of Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Marinette:::I'm so sorry Alya! I had no idea it would take so long to talk to my parents!
Alya:::You won't believe it, I was taken hostage by a supervillain!
Marinette:::What? You're kidding!
Alya::: No joke! You missed everything! Luckily, Ladybug saved me!
Marinette:::I'm so sorry I wasn't here for you.
Alya:::No biggie, girl. But the next time we decide to spend an evening together, you're not allowed to go anywhere near your parents.
Marinette:::Deal.
Nadja::: Don't be bemused, it's just the news! Hi, I'm Nadja Chamack, and this is Side by Side. Today, I'm joined by Alya Césiare, who created the Ladyblog! Together, we'll be looking back over Cat Noir and Ladybug's greatest feats.
Arlette:::Your ratings are really high, Nadja! Great job, you've earned this prime time show!
Alya:::Hello Nadja! Hey fans! So, first of all, I gotta set the record straight. Cat Noir and Ladybug are not a couple! Well, not yet at least.
Alya:::Sorry to break the news.
Manon:::Hey, that's you with my mommy!
Alya::: That's right, small fry!
Marinette::: Well done! Now everyone's going to know about the Ladyblog!
Alya::: You want an autograph?
Marinette::: Of course!
Manon::: Me first! Me first!
