Nadja:::Welcome. Ladybug and Cat Noir have saved Paris once again. Jean Duparc was akumatized into the very menacing Magician of Misfortune, threatening to make the Eiffel Tower vanish in a puff of smoke.
Tikki::: 
Marinette::: Tikki, you don't look well.
Tikki::: I need you to take me to a doctor.
Marinette::: But where am I gonna find a doctor for kwamis?
Tikki::: I know a healer. I'll tell you where to go.
Marinette::: But what will I tell him? You're a secret, he'll get all suspicious and ask me questions—And I know someone else who is gonna ask an awful lot of questions: my teacher! About why I'm late again! Tikki, can I take you to the healer right after school?Thank you.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Combustion is a high-temperature exothermic redox chemical reaction between a fuel and an oxidant. Usually atmospheric oxygen...
Nadja:::Today, Prince Ali, heir to the throne of the kingdom of Achu will do the honors during his official Parisian visit by hosting a toy fundraiser for the sick children at the Paris City Children's Hospital.
Rose:::He's just so gorgeous and with a heart of gold.Oh! You know what? I'm gonna write him a letter professing my complete adoration and utmost respect. 
Marinette::: Waaa!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Ah, Marinette. What excuse do you have for us this time? Accidentally locked yourself in the bathroom again?
Marinette::: Uh, no! Of course not. I had to, uh, take my dog... to the vet! Because he... ate an entire wool sweater. Uh, it must've smelled like th— 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Thank you, Rose. But I don't think our classroom needs extra refreshing. 
Chloé::: I thought someone packed a tuna fish sandwich, but it turns out it's Rose's perfume. 
Alya:::Ate a sweater?
Ms. Mendeleiev:::Furthermore, using your smartphone during school hours is strictly forbidden.Take the rest of your things and go to the principal's office.
Rose::: Oh... 
Ms. Mendeleiev:::Watch what happens when you play about with flammable substances in a chemistry lab. 
Students::: 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Just to make sure you all remember that, I'll be quizzing you tomorrow on lab safety. Again!
Nino::: Dude.
Alya::: You two really are made for each other. Neither one of you can make it to school on time. Since he missed chemistry class, it would be sweet if some lady could lend him her notes so he could get up to speed.
Marinette:::You're right. Oh, you mean for me to give him my notes!No, I can't. I-I—
Alya::: Girl, your fake excuses don't work on me.
Tikki::: 
Alya::: Huh?
Marinette::: Achoo! I think I'm getting sick.
Alya::: Then don't breathe on him. 
Tikki:::I'm not feeling too good.
Marinette::: Don't worry, Tikki, it'll just take a sec— 
Marinette and Tikki::: Aaaah!
Adrien::: Woah! You okay? Nothing broken?
Marinette::: Uh, yeah, uh, I'm fine.Hah! AAH!
Tikki:::Marinette... 
Chloé::: Sabrina, what's Prince Ali doing today again?
Sabrina::: A toy drive at the Children's Hospital.
Chloé:::Hm, what kind of stuffed animal is this? Who left this here?The Prince will never have seen one like this before, and when he lays eyes on me, Prince Ali will forget all about those sick kids. 
Rose::: D-did I hear you say Prince Ali?
Chloé::: Not to you.
Sabrina::: Prince Ali's staying at Chloé's dad's hotel.
Chloé::: The only hotel fit for a Prince, and I'm going to be the first to meet him. Isn't he lucky?
Rose::: Oh, please, could you give him a special letter for me?
Chloé::: No prob.
Rose::: Oh, that is so amazingly sweet of you to do that for me.
Chloé:::You thought I was serious? You think I wanna get anywhere near this fish funk? 
Rose::: 
Marinette::: Tikki?Chloé, wait up!
Chloé::: Huh?
Marinette::: That's my... my...
Chloé::: Not anymore. Finders keepers. 
Marinette:::Tikki...
Rose::: 
Hawk Moth:::Ooh, now there's a broken-hearted princess if ever I saw one. Every rose has its thorns.Fly away my little akuma and evilize her. 
Hawk Moth::: Princess Fragrance, I am Hawk Moth. Your perfume is now your secret weapon. No one will be able to resist it, especially Prince Ali. All I want from you in exchange are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Rose:::I'm coming, my prince! 
Marinette::: Hello! I'm in Chloé Bourgeois class and I really have to see her.
Doorman::: Are you a friend of hers?
Marinette::: A friend of Chloé's? Ha, you must be kidding!I mean— we're in the same class, that's all.
Doorman::: If you're not a friend then I can't.
Marinette::: Yes! I'm a f-f-friend of Chloé's. We're BFFs!
Doorman::: Aha! Chloé doesn't have any friends!
Marinette::: Does that mean you're not letting me in?
Doorman::: No! 
Marinette:::Hey! Got a pizza for Chloé Bourgeois.
Doorman::: Hmm, it's usually sushi.Top floor, imperial suite.
Marinette:::Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! 
Chloé::: Here's a gift for the sick children, Prince. Oh, it's nothing, really, stop flattering me. Ahahahahahaha. No. Ahahahahaha. There. That's better. 
Marinette::: Chloé, wait! 
Chloé::: Pizza? Eugh, don't get that peasant food anywhere near me. 
Marinette::: Wait! It has truffles and caviar on it!For a spoiled brat just like you! 
Princess Fragrance::: I've come to see Prince Ali.
Doorman::: Ugh, what is going on today? Do you have an appointment with the Prince?
Princess Fragrance::: No need, I'm his princess!
Doorman::: And I'm a monkey's uncle. Listen kid I—
Princess Fragrance::: That's no way to speak to a princess. 
Doorman:::At your service, Princess Fragrance. 
Princess Fragrance::: Thousand times better.Now, where's my wonderful prince charming? We can't keep him waiting.
André::: In honor of your presence here in Paris your highness, I've taken it upon myself to organize a lavish fireworks display on the Seine river. They will be displayed from this barge.
Prince Ali::: Thank you, or how do we say in your language? Totally awesome!
Prince Ali's chaperone::: We shall have to see if it fits with the Prince's busy schedule. We have very little time for festivities. His highness has many responsibilities.
Chloé::: 
André Bourgeois::: Ah! Prince Ali, allow me to introduce you to my own princess, Chloé.
Chloé::: Hm, Prince, I brought you a special stuffed toy for the sick children. 
Prince Ali::: Whoa! I've never seen one like this before. This is so very kind of you.
Chloé::: Ahahahahaha, you're flattering me. It is so kind of me though, isn't it?
Prince Ali:::Why, yes. I said just that. You did not hear me? 
Nadja::: Nadja Chamack. Don't be bemused, it's just the news! Prince Ali, do you have anything to say about your official Parisian visit? 
Prince Ali::: I'm very happy to be here. 
Nadja::: Prince Ali, where is...that-that smell coming from?! Like rotten fish?! 
Chloé::: What? That's not me!It-it is me! Ew! 
Paparazzi:::At your service, Princess Fragrance. 
Prince Ali::: Who-who are you?
Princess Fragrance::: I'm Princess Fragrance and I've come just for you! In just a spritz you'll be mine, Prince Ali! 
Marinette::: This is bad! 
Adrien::: What or who is that? Plagg? Plagg, let's go! There's trouble in Paris! 
Plagg::: I'm still chewing!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
André Bourgeois::: Quickly, Prince! This way! 
André Bourgeois::: We'll be safe in here. It's a reinforced door.
Prince Ali's chaperone::: So much chaos! How is anyone supposed to stick to a schedule around here? 
Chloé:::What is that?
André Bourgeois:::Get back! 
Princess Fragrance:::My prince, my prince, smell the fragrance of my eternal love!
Princess Fragrance::: Seriously, who are you?!Looks like you're powerless now, superhero! 
André Bourgeois:::Oh no, there are two of them now! Run!
Princess Fragrance:::You can't escape my perfume!La la la la la la! 
Princess Fragrance::: Get them.
André Bourgeois:::At your service, Princess Fragrance. 
Chloé:::He's under the spell! Shut the door!
Prince Ali's chaperone::: But it's your father!
Chloé::: Who cares? Shut it now!
Butler Jean:::At your service, Princess Fragrance! 
Princess Fragrance:::Come into my arms, my sweet prince!
Cat Noir:::Pee-ew! Can we get a little fresh air in here? 
Princess Fragrance::: No one will take my prince away! 
Marinette::: Uh oh! 
Cat Noir::: Emergency evacuation, everybody down!
Prince Ali's chaperone::: It's much too dangerous for the prince.
Cat Noir::: You're right.Safety first! 
Princess Fragrance::: My prince! 
Marinette:::Tikki, please be okay.
Cat Noir::: Can we open the windows? This fish smell is even too much for a cat.
Prince Ali's chaperone::: We have precisely nine minutes to get to the hospital. The prince is on a very strict schedule.
Cat Noir::: What? No way we can going to the hospital now! We have to get Prince Ali out of Paris ASAP!
Princess Fragrance::: My prince! Fancy seeing you here, what a stroke of luck!
Cat Noir:::The windows!
Princess Fragrance::: My prince, I'll take you to the Pont des Arts, and there, we'll seal our love!
Hawk Moth:::Cat Noir is down! It won't be long before Ladybug shows up too and meets her doom! 
Marinette:::Oh no! Where's Tikki?Tikki? Tikki?Tikki, I was so worried!
Tikki:::Marinette...
Marinette:::You're much worse than I thought! We need to get you help!
Tikki::: We don't have time. You have to transform. I'll be okay...
Marinette::: No, Tikki. I'm not making the same mistake twice! We've gotta get you to the healer now!
Marinette::: She going to be okay?
Wang Fu::: One who is burning with impatience can never eat hot porridge.
Marinette:::Um, what has this got to do with eating?
Wang Fu::: Silence please. Reading energies.What type of cat did you say?
Marinette::: Cat? Um, right. Rare hairless flying species from Kingdom of Achu. I was allowed to have one, because I won a zoo tap-dancing contest when I was in... the Kingdom of Achu. 
Wang Fu::: Mm-hmm. Unusual. 
Marinette::: Yes, yes, very.
Wang Fu::: We are finished.Your cat's health has been restored.
Marinette::: Thank you, thank you so much! You're a real magician, sir!How did you do that?
Wang Fu::: Ancient Chinese secret.Just like yours.
Marinette::: Tikki, I'm so, so sorry. You were so sick and, well, I don't know what I do without you.
Tikki::: You wouldn't be Ladybug for one! 
Marinette:::I know, but I mean: Tikki, you're more than just my kwami for me.
Tikki::: I know.Oh, the Pont des Arts bridge! That's where they're headed! I overheard it in the car. Hurry, there's no time to lose!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Hah!
Princess Fragrance:::I can't wait for us to be together.Forever!Servants, love padlock, please.This will lock our love forever, my prince!
Prince Ali:::At your service, Princess Fragrance! 
Princess Fragrance::: My padlock! 
Ladybug:::Not so fast, my royal pains in the neck!
Princess Fragrance::: You! You are ruining everything! So now I'll ruin you! 
Hawk Moth:::Use Cat Noir to get Ladybug's Miraculous!
Princess Fragrance::: Servants, attack! And take her earrings!
Ladybug::: Snap out of it, Cat Noir! It's me, Ladybug!
Cat Noir:::Give me your Miraculous! 
Princess Fragrance::: Who needs a padlock to secure our love when I can put everyone under my spell and make Paris our kingdom! 
Ladybug::: Uh oh, I better do something before this whole thing blows up in my face.Ah ha!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: What happens when you play about with flammable substances in a chemistry lab.
Ladybug:::Can't hit me!Miss!Yeah!
Ladybug::: Nice of you to drop in.
Cat Noir:::Give me your Miraculous! Cataclysm! 
Princess Fragrance::: This city is not for us. Too many people want to bother us. Let's go far away from here, my prince! Very far!
Ladybug:::Leaving so soon? But the party just got started!
Princess Fragrance:::You! You are ruining everything! So now I'll ruin you!
Ladybug::: balloon appears) A balloon? What am I supposed to do with this?
Princess Fragrance::: You can't escape, Ladybug! It's over!
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Cat Noir::: What am I doing in here? And where's Ladybug?
Prince Ali's chaperone::: Ah, the schedule is a complete disaster! We are going to be late for everything! Where's the prince? Wait a minute, where am I?
Rose::: Huh?
Prince Ali::: How did I get here?
Rose:::Prince Ali?
Prince Ali:::And who are you?
Ladybug:::Never mind, I'll leave you to chat with your number one fan. Bug out!
Rose::: Know how you always help sick children around the world? I just want you to know that you're the most kindhearted person I ever met!
Prince Ali::: Really?
Chloé:::Prince Ali! You're safe!Aren't you glad I'm safe too? So, shall we continue where we left off?
Prince Ali::: Oh, no thank you. I have a special event at the hospital for children, with Miss Rose.
Rose::: 
Prince Ali::: Let us go quickly before my chaperone locates me. 
Rose:::Bye, Chloé!
