Sabine::: Ah! Ding Ox, fire and yin. Not so great. Unless...There. This should prevent negative energy from flowing in.
Sabine:::There!
Sabine::: Dimsum Delight? Yes, I'd like to make a reservation. For noon. Two people.
Sabine::: Morning, honey. Did you stay up all night doing homework again?
Nadja Chamack:::Last night, Ladybug and Cat Noir successfully prevented the explosion of a turbine of a cocoa shop factory, saving Paris from drowning in rotten chocolate.
Man on the TV::: It's a bunch of lies! The chocolate turbine was perfectly cleaned!
Marinette:::Yeah, lots of homework, Mom.
Sabine::: Will you start the laundry please, honey?Your coffee, my love.
Tom::: Aww, thanks, my sweet honey bun. 
Sabine::: My, you've grown again!
Marinette:::Ah! Sorry!
Sabine::: It's alright, sweetie. 
Marinette:::Oh, Mom! My shoes are getting too small. Do you think you could buy me a new pair?
Sabine::: What a good idea, honey! Why don't you meet me right after my painting class?
Marinette::: Oh! Let's get some dimsum for lunch before we go to the store!
Sabine::: Of course!
Clara Contard:::We interrupt our regular newscast for a sentimonster alert. Lollipop Boy has just made a reappearance in the city square.
Marinette:::Ah! Oh, Boy! Oh, boy! I'm super late for class!
Sabine::: Marinette, it's Saturday. There's no school today.
Marinette::: Oh, right. I meant, late for Alya's. We're doing a presentation together.
Sabine::: You won't forget to meet me at the end of my class?
Marinette::: I won't!
Sabine::: And you won't forget to buy a ticket for the bus?
Marinette::: Promise!
Sabine::: And you won't forget to change, will you?
Marinette:::What? AH! 
Tikki::: Your mom is really amazing. Even though she's so busy, she always manages to organize so well!
Marinette::: The exact opposite of me. Do you realize Tikki, I'm more than a month late for Mother's Day! I wanted to make her something but with everything going on I barely had time get started on it. It's such a bummer because today would've been the perfect day to make it up to her.Hang on! What if I buy her a gift before going to meet her, and give it to her at the restaurant!
Tikki::: Great idea Marinette! But first, we've got to take care of a sentimonster.
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on! 
Tom:::The choquettes for your students are ready to go my brilliant artist!
Sabine::: Thanks my love. 
Sabine::: Chinese paintbrushes are very different from western paintbrushes.They allow you to easily master the five shades of ink. Dry, concentrate, thick, clear and diluted.If you use them well, all these nuances can make up all the colors, texture and light you need to represent the world. 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, use your stick to block his way!
Cat Noir:::Got it M'lady! 
Sabine::: Those poor kids. They spent the whole night saving Paris, and they're already back in action.
Nadja Chamack:::I'm here and watching it right now.
Ladybug::: Spots off!Now we can go meet up with my mom! 
Tikki::: But Marinette, you can't go looking like that.
Marinette::: AHH! I gotta get back to the house, hide Tikki! 
Marinette's voicemail::: It's Marinette, leave a message! Beep!
Sabine:::Honey, it's mom! You have exactly four choquettes to show up.Good day sir. Would you mind if I put this here while I look for my wallet? 
Bus driver::: Oh wow, choquettes!
Sabine::: A few left over from my class. They're homemade. You'd be doing me a favor by eating them, as long as it doesn't hold up the bus.
Bus driver::: Well if I can be of service to a commuter!Mm, exquisite!Mmm, delicious!Scrumptious! 
Marinette::: EHH! I'm here!
Sabine::: This is my daughter Marinette, who I'm certain did not forget her bus ticket.
Marinette:::Oh shoot! Um well- uh huh the thing is-
Sabine::: Marinette, I asked you to remember it.
Marinette::: Ah it's no biggie I'll just buy one.Ahh no I forgot my change.
Sabine::: Luckily I've always got a few spares 
Marinette::: Thanks super mom!Mmwah!
Passenger::: Mhm mhm, look. In terms of the process, when it comes to the re-evaluation of the online-offline products, the market demands a high yield in terms of productivity see what I mean? Mhm. 
Sabine:::Hello sir. Would you be so kind as to let this person access the spot that's reserved for their use?
Passenger::: Hey I'm on a conference call here. So what I was saying- Yeah I mean concomitantly with the situational adaptability, the direct manager should make the negotiable systems converge.
Passenger::: No no no we need a strong plan. If we aren't flexible regarding our immobilized relations then we're gonna get cre- 
Sabine::: Thank you sir, your sense of civic responsibility is much appreciated.
Voice on intercom::: Next stop, Louise Michel.
Marinette::: Shoot! I forgot the pres-uhh the presentation, it's a magazine. They're presenting a new magazine with Adrien on the cover. Can I borrow your wallet? I really have to get it.
Sabine::: Are you sure? I don't think you'll have time to get off and back on during the stop.
Marinette:::I'll be so quick, please please please please pleaseee? 
Voice on intercom::: Louise Michel
Marinette::: Thank you!
Marinette::: This one please!Hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry.
Tikki::: Um, you're buying a present for your mother with her money? 
Marinette::: Yeah yeah I know but I don't have cash with me, I'll pay her back laterNooo!Waittt! Awww 
Voice on intercom::: Next stop, Claire LeCone.
Marinette:::Mom, the bus left without me!
Sabine::: I know, honey. I'm on it.
Marinette::: What do I do now?
Sabine::: I'll get off the next stop and wait for you. Meet me there!
Voice on intercom::: Claire LeCone. ()
Ticket Inspector::: Ticket Inspector, please!
Sabine::: Hello, sir. My daughter got off earlier with mine, but we're supposed to meet up at this stop. She shouldn't be too long. Why don't we get off and wait for her together?
Ticket Inspector::: No one's ever tried that one on me before. Non-payment affairs, that's a 50 euro five how will you be paid!
Sabine::: Unfortunately, sir, I have no money with me. My daughter has my wallet.
Ticket Inspector::: Of course, and I suppose you don't have any IDwith you either.
Sabine::: Well, obviously. I just explained to you that my daughter has my work...
Ticket Inspector::: Right! Well, I guess we'll just see at the next stop. But not with your imaginary daughter, but with a real police officer, who's going to take you in!
Sabine::: What? But... That's so unfair!
Ticket Inspector::: What's unfair is committing fraud and stealing from Parisians who do pay for their tickets, ma'am!
Marinette::: Where is she?
Ticket Inspector::: Hey there, Roger, I got a customer for you. No ticket, no money, no ID, couldn't get this she even made up a family with a daughter and everything!
Sabine::: Ah, Roger, perfect timing! Tell this man I'm not lying. Our daughters are together in the same class.
Ticket Inspector:::Seriously? This woman just can't stop lying!
Roger::: Uh, well the thing is yeah it's the truth but-
Sabine::: The truth but, what?
Roger::: Well, I'm sorry, Sabine, but you were on the bus without a ticket that's a violation and without ID to boot, you know it's my duty to take you in for an identity check.
Sabine::: An identity check? Are you kidding, Roger? We've known each other for years!
Ticket Inspector::: Watch out, she's getting aggressive! She's getting aggressive!
Roger::: The law is the law.
Sabine::: Oh, hang on.
Ticket Inspector::: Whoa, whoa, whoa! () Don't move! Take her pocket!
Sabine::: What is wrong with you people? It must be Marinette, I have to answer she must be worried!
Ticket Inspector::: You never know, she might have some dangerous stuff in there!
Roger::: Oops.
Sabine::: Oh, come on! Be careful will you! Between you and your nonsense and him and his nonsense it's... all nonsense!
Roger::: Woah! You need to calm down right now, because you are two inches away from insulting a public official.
Ticket Inspector::: Yes, that's right. Insult, insult!
Guards 1::: Is there a problem here, Roger?
Sabine::: Yes? I am a victim of an injustice!
Guards 2::: You'll speak when asked to, ma'am.
Roger::: Sabine, we've been as reasonable as we can about all this, but since you're refusing to cooperate, I have no choice but to do my duty.
Sabine::: What? But I haven't done anything!
Ticket Inspector::: You're not really helping your case, man!
Roger::: The law is the law.
Sabine::: I don't believe this, are you people humans or robots!
Shadow Moth::: Injustice, abuse of power and blind ignorance. Three powerful plagues that can cause even the most stable of souls to waver.It's our responsibility to tip her over the brink! So she can become a choice weapon against Ladybug and Cat Noir! 
Shadow Moth:::Qilin, I am Shadow Moth. They put you in handcuffs despite your innocence. Thanks to me, you can repair this injustice.
Sabine::: I refuse to hurt anyone! You can keep your power, you devious insect!
Shadow Moth:::Oh you're judging me without knowing me, when I'm actually just like you. A victim of misunderstanding. And like you, I don't want to hurt anyone.
Sabine::: I don't believe you!
Shadow Moth:::Here's proof. If you accept, I will offer you a mighty power to accomplish your noble mission.
Sabine::: So be it! When all the injustices have been writing peace will prevail!
Sabine's voicemail::: You've reached Sabine Dupain-Cheng's voicemail.
Marinette::: This is so weird, Tikki. My mom would never have just left me like this.
Guards in helicopter::: You're under arrest! Give yourself up now!
Qilin::: Take these handcuffs off me!
Marinette::: Oh no! What if mom's in trouble?Tikki, spots on! 
Guards::: No way I'm going back there!
Bus driver::: Thanks, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: Where's mom— I— ma'am! The ma'am with the choquette.
Bus driver::: She was arrested by the police.
Ladybug::: Arrested? There's no way!
Qilin::: You're unworthy of your mission. Ignorance has corrupted your souls! Qilin will show you the true meaning of justice. Move the mountains!
Qilin::: Climb the lightning bolts!
Roger::: General, use the armored trucks to block the perimeter we need to attack from the west!
Ticket Inspector::: Ask for backup! Get more backup!
Roger::: Sir- I mean, Mr. Mayor, where are those tanks you promised and the fighter jets?
Qilin::: Trembles earth! () I am innocent. Get these handcuffs, off me otherwise it's you who will suffer under the weight of injustice!
Ladybug::: Stop! You're putting innocent lives in danger!
Shadow Moth:::Ladybug, where was she when your innocence was in question, Qilin? Don't listen to this hypocrite, take her Miraculous!
Qilin::: If they're serving injustice, then they are not innocent, and if you defend them, then you're not on the side of justice either!
Cat Noir::: Careful m'lady, the weather forecast predicted a shower of objects!
Ladybug::: Good thing you've got your stuff umbrella then, kitty cat.
Cat Noir::: First one to catch it gets the girls butterfly!
Ladybug::: Isn't a game, Cat Noir?
Qilin::: Roll back the waves!
Cat Noir::: Woohoooo!
Qilin::: Capture the rainbow!
Cat Noir::: She's impossible to catch!
Ladybug::: Not to mention even getting near her!
Cat Noir::: How do we break the object that holds the akuma?
Qilin::: Bring in the net, and flip the turtle! () An injustice to one is a threat to all. Take these handcuffs off me!
Ladybug::: I think things are more complicated than they seem, we have to find out more. Cover me!
Cat Noir::: Those are some poetic nicknames you have for your attacks. I like them a lot. Where do you get your inspiration from?
Qilin::: Crush the cat! ()
Cat Noir::: Not such a fan of this one!
Ladybug::: Any of you know what injustice the super villain's talking about?
Guard 2::: How would I know she started?
Guard 1::: It's not our fault! We're just following orders!
Ladybug::: What was she like before she got akumulatized?
Guard 3::: Terrifying really stubborn and a liar.
Guard 2::: She kept saying she had a daughter who got off the bus with the tickets. 
Guard 1::: But insisted she was coming back, a lot of baloney.
Ladybug::: Your daughter, who got off with the tickets?
Cat Noir::: Well, how about we find that daughter?
Ladybug::: That could work. The injustice will be impaired you have no reason to stay akumatized. Let's see if your idea is really that good. Cover me!
Cat Noir::: Excuse me, I got the impression you were trying to say something just now with that flying truck.
Cat Noir::: All right, it's much clearer now!
Ladybug::: What you don't know kitty cat is that for Marinette to appear I'd have to de-transform. That's pretty risky, I better be sure it'll work and calm down mom before I do it.
Ladybug::: Roger, it's silly to fight over a few bus tickets!
Roger and Qilin::: It's not a matter of tickets, it's a matter of principle!
Ladybug::: We find the girl who principles them we can prove that all of this was just a misunderstanding!
Shadow Moth:::She's lying, it's a trap!
Qilin::: Really? They don't stop attacking me?
Ladybug::: I promise you.
Qilin::: Take these handcuffs off me!
Roger::: Absolutely not! ()My duty is in question, you were on the bus without a ticket, you were breaking the law!
Ticket Inspector::: And the law is the law!
Qilin::: Your mistaking law for justice integrity without intelligence is nothing but blind ignorance!
Roger::: General, begin operation: butterfly net!
Qilin::: Chase the storm!
Cat Noir::: Oh well, so much for my great idea back to the old-fashioned way miraculously swipe those handcuffs and break them!
Ladybug::: Exactly.
Ladybug::: A ray Gun?
Ladybug::: To stop this all we need to do is remove those handcuffs and I just need the key to do that so why a ray gun?Roger, give me your keys!
Ticket Inspector::: Are you out of your mind? She's already unstoppable wet handcuffs if we take them off you'll destroy everything!
Roger::: He's right!
Ladybug::: Stop being so stubborn!If you don't give them to me, I'll take them by force!
Roger::: In that case, you two will be breaking the law, Miss Ladybug!Guys, cover me!
Guards::: Charged!
Ladybug::: Of course! That's what I was missing!
Cat Noir::: More opponents?
Ladybug::: Sort of, in order to decoupage we also have to stop the attacks from the police! Here's my plan!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: This way, officers!
Cat Noir::: Roger fancy, meeting you here?Sorry.
Roger::: The destruction of public property thought of authorities equipment absurd little cat ears and bell!
Cat Noir::: It's for justice in the common good you'll thank me later, Roger! Promised sign here!
Cat Noir::: The key to our problem!
Ladybug::: Qilin! 
Qilin::: You again
Ladybug:::Here are the keys! () See? I keep my promises!
Shadow Moth:::Qilin, don't let her trick you! Take her Miraculous!
Qilin::: No that would be unfair! 
Shadow Moth::: Nooo!!!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly!Miraculous Ladybug!!Here is a magical charm. Always keep it with you it'll protect you from Shadow Moth.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Roger::: All right, let's go to the station, now!
Ticket Inspector::: Yes, identity check custody and the whole works?
Cat Noir::: Hang on, I know Miss Dupain-Cheng! No one in the world is more upright and honest than she is!
Ladybug::: Roger, we won't stop you from doing your duty, but you have to promise me you won't use those handcuffs, and you'll wait for this lady's daughter to come back before you make any decisions. The law is a good thing, but you need humanity to apply it as well.
Roger::: Well- I promise, Ladybug.
Ticket Inspector::: What do you mean, Roger?
Roger::: She's right!
Ticket Inspector::: Uh- say there, you're not gonna get akumatized again, are you? 
Marinette::: Mom! I've been looking for you everywhere! Happy mother's day, mom! I'm a bit late, I know!But I- I just had so much work recently, but someday i'll manage to handle it all just like you. 
Sabine::: I know, darling.
Marinette::: Here are our tickets! I ran into Ladybug she explained the problem to me.
Roger::: So? () 
Ticket Inspector::: There, they're valid.You weren't lying.
Roger::: Does this mean we can cancel the fine and the id check?
Ticket Inspector::: Well, that doesn't change the fact that this lady was on the bus without a ticket! The situation is a bit complex. But I guess that- yes it would be reasonable to cancel it all.
Marinette::: The truth is- I was out of line too.I am so- so sorry, mom. This is all my fault. which is why I'd like to pay the fine with my pocket money.
Ticket Inspector::: That's quite a responsible act young, lady? ()
Marinette:::Just for now could you lend me? Please?
