Xuppu::: I'll bet you anything it's a tablecloth for a picnic.
Marinette::: Not even close, Xuppu. It's a cape.This one's for the superhero of creation.This one's for the supervillain of destruction.
Xuppu::: Capes for Cat Noir and Ladybug?
Marinette::: No, it's for a movie.You know, those make-believe stories they show on TV?
Orikko::: Are you gonna be famous?
Marinette::: No, I'm the costume designer, I'm not acting in it. We are gonna be on the news.I'm gonna be late! 
Nadja::: And now, the very original project coming from the Françoise Dupont school in Paris. Clara Contard reporting.
Clara::: Under the initiative of the art teacher, Thomas Astruc, who's become a successful film director, is participating in an ambitious project.He's overseeing this group of students who are volunteering their own vacation time to produce a real-life movie.From script to storyboard, not to mention costumes, —everything's being done by the students themselveswith financial support from Paris' city hall.
André::: Yes; you know, I myself directed a few in my youth, and—
Clara::: And the cherry on top is that the film will be released in select movie theaters thanks to famous producer Bob Roth.What a lucky break for these student-filmmakers, as well as for the two young actresses who'll be starring in the main role!
Zoé:::You may hate me, but I love you, and I always will!
Chloé:::A film with my half-of-a-sister as the star?! Ridiculous!
Sabrina:::Do you want another banana, Chloé? I've heard they help put people in a better mood.
Chloé:::What I want is to go tell that bunch of lamoes how things work in real life!In my life.
Zoé::: You may hate me, but I love you, and I always will—
Chloé:::How dare you all! Giving the lead role to my half-of-a-sister who just came out of nowhere?! And with daddy's money, on top of it all.
André::: Uh, it's not actually funded by me, sweetheart, but by the city.
Chloé::: Same thing.You—I told you that you'd be sent back to New York if you ever crossed my path, and now, not only are you on my path, but on TV, too!
Marinette::: Don't let your sister walk all over you, Zoé. You are made for this part, you deserve it!
Thomas::: It's true, and we're meeting with the producer tomorrow, so it's too late to change anything now.
Jean-Pierre::: Might I remind you that you were offered a chance, like all the students in the school, to participate in the film, but you refused because, and I quote, Mylène's sweater is too ugly, Nate draws like a 2-year-old, Alya is useless and Marinette is ridiculous, utterly ridiculous?
Chloé::: I said that?
Jean-Pierre::: Less politely.
Chloé::: Well, I still mean all of it. But if this stupid, childish film actually gets released in theaters and turns someone into a star, that someone should be me. So, you're gonna give me the part my half-of-a-sister is playing because everything she owns is mine. 
Sabrina::: Banana, Chloé? 
André::: Don't worry, kids, I'll go talk to her, everything will be fine tomorrow. 
Thomas::: And here's the office of the producer, Bob Roth.
Chloé:::Surprise! 
Marinette:::Chloé, what are you doing here?!
Bob::: My old friend André told me you'd be okay making a few small changes in the script so that his daughter could be part of the film.
Marinette::: But it's impossible, we've prepped and gotten everything set!
Bob::: Moviemaking, kid, is the art of compromise. To protect your—I mean, the interest of the film, you gotta be flexible, therefore, André's daughter will play the starring role.
Marinette::: That's not in the best interests of the film! Zoé is perfect for the role of the superhero of creation.
Chloé::: The next plane for New York leaves in 30 minutes. 
Zoé:::Marinette, no big deal if I don't play the main role. There is lots of other positions of the non-act crew.
Chloé::: Perfect, as long as she's not on-screen, it's fine with me.
Bob::: Then it's a deal! See you all tomorrow morning on set.
Chloé::: Bye-bye, losers!
Bob:::Now get out! 
Marinette::: This is totally unfair! 
André::: Believe this or not, I also shot a film in my youth. It was called Solitude.
Chloé::: Daddy, I'm trying to concentrate here!
André::: Of course, sorry, sweetheart.
Chloé::: And you, Dupain-Cheng, cool it with the horrible costume, it's worse than . 
Marinette::: That's why it suits you so well, Chloé. 
Nino::: In this scene, the entire population has been put into an enchanted sleep, so we need tons of extras.You guys are gonna lay down here.Perfect!
Chloé::: Hey! All of you! Someone just told me I'm supposed to play the role of the supervillain of destruction and Mylène is the superhero of creation. Are you kidding me?! I get the lead role, I am the good guy, okay?
Nino::: Chloé, those two roles are equally as impor—
Chloé::: Blah, blah, blah, I don't care. I get to be the good guy.
Marinette::: We don't have time for all of these changes, Chloé!
Chloé::: Oh yeah? DADDY! 
Thomas::: You know, it's not uncommon to have to adapt the script on the set at the last minute for production reasons. It's called—
Marinette::: That's baloney, a waste of time, giving up on your dreams?
Thomas::: ...a revision.
Nino::: If it's for the good of the film...Scene 9, take one.Action!Chloé, you're supposed to be acting!
Chloé:::Lame! Boring! Dull!What we need is a superhero film featuring a real superhero. Hey!What's black and yellow, has pretty blonde hair,gets everyone's attention and is gonna break the box office?
Marinette::: You're not talking about you as Queen Bee? 'Cause most of the time you were a super-disaster more than a superhero.
Chloé::: Uh, actually, I wasn't even thinking of Queen Bee. I was thinking of a much more original character: Queen... uh...Queen Banana! 
Marinette::: Queen what?
Chloé::: DADDY! 
Nino::: Scene 9, take 2.Action!
Chloé::: Ah, this is way better than that ridiculous costume Dupain-Cheng made, but it's still missing something. I know, I need wheels! 
Marinette::: You don't need a car, these superheroes can fly.
Chloé::: What do you know about superheroes, baker girl? Just go back to sleep while I— DADDY!
Nino::: Scene 9, take 3.Action!
Chloé::: Ha! We can start now.Except, when she sees you all just lying around doing nothing, Queen Banana doesn't feel like saving you, she feels more like tossing you in the garbage.
Nino::: Chloé, we're not changing everything again!
Chloé::: Who said change everything? We just need a bigger and better challenge for Queen Banana! DADDY! 
Marinette::: Thanks, Adrien. It's really gorgeous of you—I mean, generous of you—to come help us.
Adrien::: Happy to, Marinette. My father said it was for the good of the film. 
Chloé::: At least he is worth saving.
Nino:::Okay, now can we shoot?
Chloé::: Hm, we need a new bad guy: a super-duper-ubervillain! 
Max::: A galactic emperor?
Rose::: A giant octopus that comes from outer space?
Alya::: A fire breathing dragon?
Chloé::: No, no, those are so lame! I want a giant yellow gorilla that throws exploding bananas.
Nino:::It's for the good of the film.
Chloé:::Are you kidding? I want a real, dynamite-slinging gorilla, not some cardboard monkey!
Marinette::: But Chloé, giant yellow dynamite-slinging apes do not exist!
Chloé::: There are tons of giant gorillas doing stuff in all the good movies, can't you just hire one of those? Ugh, I'm so tired of all of you!I'm getting some beauty rest at the Palace, tomorrow you'd better have this monkey business figured out. 
Kim::: Maybe the zoo will lend us an ape if we take extra good care of it.
Marinette::: You're not really gonna look for a giant dynamite-flinging gorilla?
Max::: It's for the good of the film, Marinette.
Marinette::: It's not for the good of the film, it's not even a film anymore, it's just Chloé's fantasy! The only thing we're gonna do right now is get Adrien out of that cage.Then we're gonna shoot the story that we all thought of together. That's for the good of the film! 
Chloé:::Where's my giant gorilla? Where are all the others?Why isn't anyone here to shoot my big scene?
Man::: They shot everything last night. Right about now they're probably over at the movie theater screening it.
Chloé:::What's that?! 
Mylène::: Ultimate Nightmare! 
Zoé::: Harmonic Wind!
Zoé:::I've freed you from evil!
Mylène:::Why did you wake them, Kreatika? Humans have destroyed the planet! They don't deserve to be awake! 
Zoé:::You're wrong, Destroika. Each one of those humans carries the hope of a better world within them!
Mylène::: You're just like them, I hate you! 
Zoé::: You may hate me, but I love you,and I always will, even if the whole world hates you,sister.
Chloé:::This is ridiculous! Who authorized shooting this without me? Where's my monkey? And what is my half-of-a-sister doing in my movie?!
Gabriel:::Miss Dupain-Cheng convinced me to watch this first scene. I found it very moving and... Adrien is exceptional in it. I've therefore decided to privately finance the movie based on the original screenplay.
Chloé::: DADDY!
Bob Roth:::Like we said before, kid:movie making's all about compromise. 
Marinette::: Sorry, Chloé. It was for the good of the film.
Chloé:::Ridiculous!Utterly ridiculous!
Gabriel:::But most of all, it's for the good of my plan. Chloé is always an excellent source of inspiration.
Gabriel::: Nooroo, Duusu, Unify!
Adrien::: Hey, wait!
Chloé:::Adrikins, it's sweet of you to want to console me, but I'm fine. I'm going to get my revenge and send Zoé back to New York.
Adrien::: Actually, I came to suggest that you apologize to everyone.
Chloé:::Are you ill?! They've ruined my film!
Adrien::: It was never your film, Chloé. It belonged to the group. You promised me you'd make an effort to stop being mean to everyone. I warned you that if you didn't, then we can no longer be friends.
Chloé:::You're as ridiculous that film! It's over, you're no longer my Adrikins, you're Adrinothing! 
Shadow Moth:::Queen Banana, I am Shadow Moth. Once again, they refuse to recognize your true talent, so I give you the power to show them who the real star of Paris is.
Chloé::: Fine, but I want a giant monkey who throws exploding bananas.
Shadow Moth:::It's all arranged. I am the director of your dreams. In exchange for your powers- 
Chloé::: Yeah, yeah, I know, Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. You'll have them!
Queen Banana::: Banana Boom-Boom, action!Where is my useless half-of-a-sister? Banana Boom-Boom,them off!
Adrien:::Plagg, claws out!
Zoé::: She's mainly mad at me, so I should try and reason with her.
Marinette::: Unfortunately, no one can reason with your sister, Zoé. Stay here, I'm gonna... try to find a way out. 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Queen Banana:::If you don't come out from your hiding place, Zoé, I'm gonna turn all of Paris into bananas, and it'll be all your fault!
Zoé::: My fault... 
Cat Noir::: Hey there, banana queen! So what's your superpower? Making people slip on banana peels?
Queen Banana::: You're about to find out,you ridiculous alley cat!
Ladybug::: Careful! Shadow Moth has been very generous to Chloé.
Cat Noir::: I gotta admit, I'm a little jealous of her gear.
Ladybug:::Totally unnecessary, nothing can beat a Cat and Ladybug duo.
Cat Noir:::Meow, we do make the perfect pair, m'lady. 
Ladybug::: Well, we've got gear, too. Lucky Charm!Scooter, helmets, tube of glue, cartridges, air pipe... Everything needed to fix a flat tire. That's a lot to process.Still, something is missing, but what?
Zoé::: Hey, Chloé!Here I am!
Ladybug::: Of course: Zoé! 
Queen Banana::: Ready for a transatlantic voyage on the banana express?
Zoé::: Only if you promise to stop doing evil in Paris.
Queen Banana:::Of course, I promise I'll be really good. 
Zoé:::You'll never keep your promise!
Queen Banana:::Of course not, banana head! Banana Boom-Boom, grab her! 
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, cover us!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!Oops.
Queen Banana:::When he's out of control, Banana Boom-Boom is even more destructive! Have fun, you two! 
Ladybug::: Hang on tight. 
Queen Banana::: You'll have to come out sometime, Ladybug, especially if you don't wanna see my monkey make a banana smoothie out of your kitty! 
Ladybug:::We don't have much time. I need your help to save Cat Noir and Chloé. 
Zoé::: Me, help you?
Ladybug::: Zoé Lee, here is the Bee Miraculous, which grants you the power to immobilize your opponent.You will use it for the greater good. 
Pollen::: At your service, my queen.
Zoé:::But Chloé's gonna furious, she used to be Queen Bee!
Ladybug::: Chloé will never know it's you. Unlike her,you'll keep your identity a secret. And once the job is complete, you will return the Miraculous to me.
Zoé::: I can't do it, I'm not strong enough, I—
Ladybug:::I know you can do this.
Pollen::: You have only one thing to say, my queen: Pollen, buzz on. 
Zoé::: Pollen, buzz on!
Vesperia:::Yoo-hoo!
Vesperia::: Hey, you big ape! How about fighting someone your own size? Venom!
Cat Noir::: Queen Bee?
Vesperia::: No, my name's Vesperia!
Cat Noir::: Wow. 
Vesperia::: Ladybug's gonna need us again.
Cat Noir::: Thrilled to make your acquaintance, Vesperia.Just give me a second. 
Plagg::: That Vesperia is to Queen Bee what Fourme d'Ambert is to Roquefort: sweeter, more refined and much nicer. 
Queen Banana::: I'm going to smash you and then turn you into banana bread!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm! 
Queen Banana:::Give me your Miraculous, or else I'll turn her into baby food! 
Vesperia:::Queen Banana, you're not even capable of a fair fight with the new holder of the Bee Miraculous!
Queen Banana::: How dare you—I'm the one and only Queen Bee!
Vesperia::: Oh, you were, but I am the real Queen Bee now.And you're only the queen of bananas! Ladybug chose me to defend Paris because you couldn't do it. 
Queen Banana:::And what are you going to defend now that you're a banana?Now see what happens to people who don't see things my way? Give me your Miraculous! 
Ladybug:::This Lucky Charm glue is really good. And so is Vesperia, don't you think, Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: You counted your bananas before they were peeled, Queen Banana.
Queen Banana::: No, not again!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly. Bye, little feather.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Chloé::: I hate you, Ladybug! And you, Vesperia. You're only a fake version of Queen Bee.
Ladybug::: You need to learn to control your anger, Chloé.There is a way I can help you, if you want.
Chloé::: I don't want anything from you! You're non-existent to me, you're Lady-nothing-at-all! 
Shadow Moth::: Queen Banana's film has turned out to be a flop, but the script will be rewritten very soon.Chloé, your endless supply of anger promises multitude of chaos.Sooner or later, I will get my hands on those Miraculous.
Cat Noir::: We'd better recharge our kwamis before Shadow Moth akumatizes her again.Vesperia, m'lady. 
Ladybug::: This Magical Charm can help Chloé escape Shadow Moth's influence, but I can't force her to wear it.
Vesperia:::I know how to do it.
Chloé:::I want to shoot my film!
Zoé::: That's enough, Chloé. It doesn't matter if you try to send me back to New York, I'm done playing the supporting role for the good of our family.
Chloé::: DADDY!
André:::Zoé is right, Chloé. You can ask me for a new cellphone or to paint the limousine pink, but you can't ask me to hurt your sister.
Chloé:::Don't call her that. She's not even half of a sister, she's nothing to me! I—I hate you!
Zoé:::You may hate me, but I love you, and I always will, even if the whole world hates you, sister.Remember? We have the same mother! Look, she even gave me this gift. 
Chloé::: If it comes from mom, then I'm the one who gets to wear it. Give it to me! 
Zoé:::What's mine is yours.You and I are family.
Marinette::: It works!
Shadow Moth::: That's impossible! What's going on?!
Chloé::: You just wait, real life is nothing like your stupid film. I'll get my revenge. 
Adrien:::Chloé! You okay?
Chloé::: Leave me alone, all of you!
Marinette::: Zoé did it!
Tikki::: Maybe this will help Chloé become a better person.
Marinette::: Let's hope so, Tikki.
