Nadja::: Coming to you live from the Grand Palais Museum. I'm Nadja Chamack. Ladybugheroicly stepped in to save the day, as usual. The fashion show can finally begin!
Gabriel:::I don't want to break our promise, but… I can't keep putting our son in danger. Style Queen was supposed to be my masterpiece… but even she failed. I feel like I've done all I possibly could, you know? I'll never be able to fulfill my wish without Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.Forgive me, Emilie. I'm giving you up, Nooroo.
Alya::: Scoop. The hat Adrien Agreste is wearing was made by my BFF, Marinette! Anything you'd like to say during my livestream?
Alya::: What?
Alya::: I… don't… believe this!Ladybloggers, a huge update! That's Gabriel; he hasn't been in public in ages.
Alya::: Scoop number two! Gabriel has just turned up!
Alya::: And that means we'll be seeing your hat in every single photo and news broadcast! 
Nadja::: This was Gabriel's first public appearance since his wife disappeared. This fashion week is full of surprises and shockers.
Gabriel::: My dear Audrey, I heard about the unforgivable misfortune you had to endure. 
Audrey:::I'm still quite overwhelmed.
Gabriel::: I want you to know that I've fired the person who was responsible for the misunderstanding. Only one row in the house is befitting to Audrey Bourgeois and that's the first.
Audrey:::Let's not overdo it. Huh Gabriel? 
Gabriel::: Did you enjoy the show?
Audrey::: So, so.This hat is not a Gabriel. Are you responsible for that? 
Marinette::: Uhm…
Adrien:::Stand proud! 
Marinette::: I… I'm the one who created it. 
Gabriel::: Marinette won a fashion design competition.
Audrey:::It's the most…exceptional thing I've ever seen! You're a visionary, Marinette! Glitter's had its day.Feathers are the trend of tomorrow!I haven't felt this much emotion since…you.
Gabriel::: She does have talent. 
Audrey:::You wanna be a fashion designer, right?
Marinette:::Uh-uh… Yes ma'am.
Audrey:::Then come to New York with me! I'll make you the biggest name in fashion! I'm sure you'll even upstage Gabriel.
Adrien::: I'll be able to model for you! 
Sabine:::We'll be here for you honey, no matter what you decide!
Audrey::: My helicopter will be leaving for the airport at 8 p.m. tonight. 
Adrien:::Isn't this awesome for Marinette, Chloé?
Chloé:::It's... It's ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!I've never been to New York with you and you’re taking Marinette Dupain-Cheng!?
Audrey::: I'm taking her because she's exceptional Claudette. Uh— Chloé.
Chloé::: I'm exceptional, too!
Audrey::: The only exceptional thing about you, my dear… is your mother. 
André::: Audrey, dear-Chloé! 
Chloé::: Ugh! I'll show you how exceptional I can be!
Adrien and Marinette:::Adrien Chloé! Marinette No! 
Pollen::: How may I please you, my Queen? 
Audrey::: What is that thing? 
Adrien::: Chloé… what are you doing?! 
Chloé::: Pollen, Buzz On!
Queen Bee:::I am Chloé Bourgeois and from now on I'll be your new superhero, Queen Bee! We'll soon see if you think Dupain-Cheng is still more exceptional than moi! Spinning Top! 
André::: What is happening to our beloved daughter?!
Audrey::: She always was such a show-off.See you tonight, Marinette. I'll meet you at my helicopter. 
Nadja::: Un-bee-lievable, Paris' got a new self-proclaimed superhero— 
Nadja::: —whose not-so-secret identity is none other than Chloé Bourgeois, daughter of fashion Queen, Audrey Bourgeois.
Wayzz::: How could Marinette have given the Miraculous to that Chloé girl? 
Master Fu::: There is no way she would have given it to her. But I know whatever transpired, she will set things right.
Gabriel::: We better be going home, Adrien. Thank you all for coming. 
Tom::: It's probably not a good idea to stick around with Chloé Bourgeois thinking she's the bee's knees.
Sabine::: I'm sure Ladybug and Cat Noir will fix everything!
Marinette::: Uh… 
Tom::: Let's go back home. 
Adrien::: I hope Chloé doesn't do anything foolish. 
Gabriel::: I'm sure Ladybug and Cat Noir will deal with her. 
Queen Bee:::There's nothing exciting going on in this city, no one to save.Hmm… If you want it done right……you have to do it yourself. 
Queen Bee:::Nadja Chamack? Chloé Bourgeois here.I mean, Queen Bee. Come ASAP; I'm about to rescue the passengers of a metro that's in peril. You've got to film this! 
Tom::: We'll open a bakery in New York and introduce our Dupain-Cheng pastries to the Americans!
Sabine::: Are you sure, Tom? You've always been afraid of flying.
Tom::: I'd fly to the moon and open a bakery for my daughter if I had to. 
Marinette:::What should I do, Tikki? It's like my dream come true. I can go to New York and become a real fashion designer.
Tikki::: Who will protect Paris from Hawk Moth if you leave?
Marinette::: Cat Noir, Rena Rouge—
Tikki::: Only Ladybug can capture akumas. I wouldn't be able to come to New York with you.
Tom::: Nothing will come between my daughter and her dreams.
Marinette:::What was that?
Queen Bee::: Venom!
Queen Bee:::Passengers, have no fear. Watch Queen Bee in action. You can thank me later.
Passenger 1::: A new superhero?
Passenger 2::: Who is it?
Passenger 1::: Is she gonna save us or not?
Marinette::: She's not going to pull it off.
Nooroo::: Master? 
Gabriel::: I still have one chance, Nooroo. All is not lost. I have a unique opportunity to akumatize someone with a Miraculous.A superhero-turned-supervillain can only be… exceptional!
Gabriel::: Nooroo, dark wings rise!
Adrien::: I hope we're not too late!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Tom:::Uh… uh… uh…
Sabine:::Stay here, I'm gonna help your dad.Tom, make it stop!
Tom::: I'm doing my best!
Marinette:::It's time we drag Chloé down to earth.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Nadja::: Cat Noir, what are you doing here?
Cat Noir::: Waiting for the next train. 
Nadja:::Come on! 
Cat Noir::: Need a helping paw?
Queen Bee:::Sto-o-op sta-aring! Can't you se-e-e you're distracting me-e-e??
Ladybug::: This is not a playground! Cat Noir, I'll slow it down as much as I can; you stop it! 
Cat Noir::: Thanks for your co-operation, people. Please, keep on being pawsome and evacuate the station calmly.
Sabine::: Ladybug, thank you so much!
Ladybug::: You're welcome, mo— madam and sir! I'll take care of the driver.
Queen Bee:::You're welcome. It was nothing. I was merely—
Ladybug:::Queen Bee! This was your doing!
Queen Bee::: Oh, Ladybug, you're too kind! This was teamwork. Oh, how amazing is this⁈ We're a team now!
Ladybug::: You're the one who paralyzed the metro driver, aren't you? You used your power to create this situation just to make yourself look good!
Queen Bee::: Who cares? We saved them, didn't we?
Passenger 2::: Completely irresponsible!
Nadja::: Queen Bee, or rather, Chloé Bourgeois, we're on the air with your mother, Audrey Bourgeois. Audrey, do you have anything to say, live, on TV?
Audrey:::What? Regarding my daughter's ineptitude? I think it speaks for itself, doesn't it?
Ladybug::: Chloé. Give me back your Miraculous.
Queen Bee::: Finders keepers, losers wheepers.
Cat Noir:::Did you… lose a Miraculous⁈
Ladybug::: Uh…Listen, you lost a Miraculous once, too! May I remind you I was busy taking care of Style Queen, all by myself?Queen Bee— Chloé, wait! Chloé!
Cat Noir::: Wherever she is, she must've transformed back by now.
Ladybug::: She's probably gone home. I'll pay her a visit and get the Miraculous back!
Cat Noir::: I'll come with you.
Hawk Moth::: It was bound to happen. Superpowers aren't child's play, my dear Chloé Bourgeois.Fly away my little Akuma and evilize this fallen hero!
Hawk Moth:::Queen Wasp, I am Hawk Moth. Ladybug and Cat Noir don't want you as their friend, so you will be their most powerful enemy. Nobody has managed it yet, but you will defeat them, because you are… exceptional. In return you must seize their Miraculous.
Queen Bee::: You can count on me, Hawk Moth. I'll teach them to respect me. 
Ladybug::: Chloé?
Cat Noir::: Queen Bee?
Ladybug::: Looks like she's not here. Let's go!
Cat Noir::: What's that, an insect bite?
Ladybug::: That's impossible, she can only use her special power once, like my Lucky Charm. She should've transformed back.Cat Noir, watch out! 
Queen Wasp::: Your reign is over, Ladybug and Cat Noir! I don't even care if you don't give me your Miraculous; my wasps will paralyze you and I'll simply take them myself.
Hawk Moth::: Nice work, Queen Wasp. You truly are exceptional! I knew it!
Queen Wasp::: Wasps, Venom!
Ladybug:::Run!
Ladybug::: Hawk Moth must've akumatized her while she was still Queen Bee. 
Cat Noir::: I bet the Akuma's in her Miraculous.
Ladybug::: That makes sense, but Miraculous are indestructible. We will need your Cataclysm to release the Akuma.
Cat Noir::: You know I'm all yours, M'Lady. We just have to find out how to capture it without getting stung.
Queen Wasp::: A ladybug doesn't stand a chance against the queen of wasps!
Queen Wasp::: Hahaha, put your claws away! 
Queen Wasp::: So, who's exceptional now, then? Them… or me⁈
Hawk Moth:::To claim total victory, you must take their Miraculous, Queen Wasp.
Queen Wasp::: I was just having a bit of fun, Hawk Moth… before delivering the final sting!
Ladybug::: Jump! 
Queen Wasp::: You can't escape my wasps! Bring Ladybug and Cat Noir to me! Dispersal!
Cat Noir::: What, you think I'm a catfish?
Ladybug::: I don't know, but I do know we're gonna have to come up with another plan. Lucky Charm!A snorkel!
Cat Noir::: Your Lucky Charm has a great sense of humour: at least you won't drown.
Ladybug::: Drown! That's the idea: wasps don't like water!We may have to get a little dirty, Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: That's ironic, we just took a bath.
Ladybug::: ) Just follow me.
Queen Wasp::: Where are they?Ugh, that's disgusting!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, now! 
Queen Wasp::: You'll never get it back!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma.Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: I have to get the Miraculous back, Chloé. 
Chloé::: Give me a second chance, please!
Nadja:::Audrey Bourgeois, tell us live how you feel about what just happened.
Audrey:::According to me, Chloé just clearly demonstrated that there is nothing exceptional about her.
Cat Noir:::I know that you did the things you did to impress your mother.
Ladybug::: Anyone can make mistakes, even a superhero. What matters is how you fix them. I personally made one by losing that Miraculous. Don't make the mistake of not giving it back. Act like a hero.
Cat Noir::: And show everyone how exceptional you can be.
Ladybug::: Thank you.
Chloé:::Ladybug? Cat Noir?I'm sorry.
Helicopter Pilot::: Time to go, ma'am.
Audrey::: I give her the chance of a lifetime and she dares to be late?! Unacceptable, utterly unacceptable.
Helicopter Pilot::: Should we leave?
Audrey::: No… give it one minute more. 
Tikki::: Are you really okay with this, Marinette?
Marinette::: I thought about it long and hard, Tikki. I'm sure I'm making the right decision. 
Chloé:::Go away!
Marinette::: That was the plan, but no.
Chloé:::Dupain-Cheng⁈
Audrey::: Well, well. It's about time. We can take off, now.
Marinette::: I won't be coming to New York with you.I still have so many things to do here. All the people I love are here: my parents, my friends.
Audrey::: You're making a mistake, Marinette.
Marinette::: I think you're wrong. A huge part of your life is here in Paris, too! 
Audrey::: Chlorene? Uh— Chloé?
Chloé:::Why don't you love me, Mom?
Audrey::: But… Uh— Of course I l-l-love you.
Marinette:::You're also wrong about your daughter not being exceptional. In fact, Chloé is exceptionally mean. She's the worst person I've ever met. She may be more heinous, pompous and selfish than you. Compared to both of you, even a rock seems more capable of love.
Chloé and Audrey:::How dare you⁈ 
Marinette::: See? You're both much more alike than you think. 
Audrey::: Are you as mean as this… Maria… says?
Chloé::: Well, I don't have one single friend in school except for Sabrina, but she doesn't realize that I'm just using her.My favourite hobby is giving Jean-Louis a hard time.
Audrey::: You mean Jean-Yves.
Chloé::: Who cares what his name is?Jean-thingy, put my luggage in there! No, not like that?! Take them out and stack them from smallest to the biggest!
Audrey:::I think I may have judged you unfairly, Chloé. Martha… uh— Marinette's right, you are exceptional, just like me.I've decided I'm staying in Paris with you.
Helicopter Pilot::: So we're not going to the airport after all, then?
Chloé and Audrey::: You're fired! 
Gabriel::: Ladybug and Cat Noir made a mistake today… and there will be others. Then, we'll finally be together once again… my love.
Nathalie::: You said you were going to stop.
Gabriel::: I can't give up, Nathalie. I miss her too much.
Nathalie::: I understand… sir. 
Tom::: Are you sure that you won't regret this, Marinette?
Marinette::: I'm sure, Dad. Paris is my city. Our city. Besides, everyone I love is here.
Alya:::Yeah… and one guy in particular.
Marinette:::And my best friend. 
