Marinette::: Hey Marc. How's it going? Where is the rest of your class?
Marc::: Oh, hey, Marinette. We're done with classes for today, the others probably went home.
Marinette::: Perfect timing! Our class has a spare hour, so some of us are heading over to the art room. You should come check it out!
Marc:::Sure... Why not?
Marinette:::Maybe you'll finally let me read your writing!
Marc:::Yeah, I don't know? Maybe.
Marinette::: Awesome! See you later then. 
Nathaniel::: This is a team up of Ladybug and Mightillustrator fighting Queen Wasp together: 
Jean-Pierre::: You mean Evillustrator?
Nathaniel::: He changed his name after Ladybug de-akumatized him and became a superhero.
Jean-Pierre::: Bad guy who comes over to the good side, great idea. You should make a comic book about that.
Nathaniel::: Yeah, but I'm only good at drawing stories, not writing them.
Jean-Pierre::: Then you should team up with a creative writer.
Nathaniel::: Maybe... But, I don't know anyone who's into that.
Alix::: Don't worry buddy.There's gotta be somebody out there just waiting to meet you. Red please! 
Marinette:::Marc you made it!Come meet everyone!This is Marc, the Boy I told you about! The one who's always writing.
Marc:::Uh... I'm sorry I didn't want to disturb you.
Jean-Pierre::: Welcome to room 33, you're never disturbing anyone here. You can come whenever you want outside of class time or after school. Anyone can create what they want, anyway they want. Rose is writing lyrics for a rock band.Rose, I would like you to meet Marc.
Rose:::Hey there! Nice to meet you Marc!
Jean-Pierre::: Alix is our expert at street art.And Nathaniel-
Alix::: He likes to draw people in skinny suits. 
Nathaniel::: Welcome Marc. As you'll find out, the good thing about this place is you can say whatever you want and no one will judge you, or only in good fun. 
Marc::: I... I saw your drawings on the school website, but they're nothing compared to the real thing. The movement, the expressions, the attitudes. They're all so
Nathaniel::: Thanks... That's nice.
Marc::: Uh?...Sorry... But it's true, I-I've never seen drawings so-
Chloé::: So messed up. All he ever draws anymore is Ladybug, ever since she de-akumatized him. As if Ladybug could care less about a guy like him. 
Jean-Pierre:::I've already told you, Chloé, if you have an art project you want to work on, you're quite welcome here. Otherwise-
Chloé::: Of course I've got a project.A unique masterpiece that will revolutionise the art world. Nothing you commoners would have come up with. 
Alix::: Let me guess...Another collage of selfies? 
Chloé::: What?! No, that's ridiculous!Utterly... ridiculous! You don't deserve my art anyway. 
Jean-Pierre::: Well Alix if Chloé really did have an art project, it's too bad we didn't give her a chance to tell us about it, is it?
Alix:::Whatever. 
Jean-Pierre::: By the way Marc, you've shown up at the perfect time. Marinette told us that you're always writing and Nathaniel is looking for a script writer. 
Marc::: Uh? Me? A script writer? Oh, no. I don't write that kind of stuff, I mean I don't write anything interesting honestly. Sorry. Gotta go. Thanks for everything! 
Marinette::: No Marc!
Marinette::: Hey wait!
Marinette::: Marc!
Marinette:::Diary Of... Ladybug!?
Marinette:::I saw the Evillustrator again today. Now that he's no longer controlled by Hawk Moth, he's become a true superhero, like Cat Noir and me. I'm sure he'd make an awesome partner, but I'm too shy to ask him. And I don't want to Cat Noir about it either, because I'm worried he'll be jealous.
Marinette::: It's not exactly the truth, but it's definitely a fun read.
Tikki::: Do you realize, Marinette? Ladybug has become a source of inspiration! You're a lucky charm for artists everywhere.
Marinette::: Marc writes exactly the kind of stories that Nate draws! It's incredible! They're totally meant to work together.
Marinette::: Looking for this?
Marc:::Oh.Did you read it?
Marinette::: Oh, no! pauseYeah... sorry. It was too tempting.
Marc:::Oh, how embarrassing. So, so, lame.
Marinette::: No, it's not! You should turn it into a comic book. Why don't you team up with Nathaniel?
Marc::: Uhh, I'm sure he won't like it.
Marinette::: You should have him read it before you jump to conclusions.
Marc::: But what if he doesn't like it?I'll be so embarrassed. I'll have to change schools so I'll never run into him again.
Marinette::: Now you're being silly. Look, he draws Ladybug all the time and you write stories about her. Oh, I've got an idea; we'll have him read it without telling him who wrote it. If he like's it, it's a win-win. If he doesn't, we just won't say anything.
Marc::: Do you think it'll work?
Marinette:::Trust me on this.
Marinette::: Nate!Someone gave me this for you.
Nathaniel::: Who's someone?
Marinette::: I can't tell you who just yet.It's a secret.Read it,and then we'll talk. 
Nathaniel:::Diary of Ladybug!?Is this... for real?
Nathaniel:::I call up my lucky charm, while Cat Noir wields his Cataclysm. 
Ladybug:::And together, we defeat the Evillustrator. Pound it! But even though we've won this fight, something keepsbuggingme. I can't stop thinking about him. I know his real identity, so sometimes, I try to catch a glimpse of him when I fly over his school.
Marc::: Do you think he likes it?
Marinette::: Look at his face, of course he does.
Adrien::: It's rude to spy on people.
Marinette::: Eh..No! It's not what you think at all! It's just that... it's gonna be... eh... Nathaniel's birthday soon and, ehm, Marc and I wanted... to give him a disguise... I mean, surprise!
Adrien:::Cool!Very typical of you, Marinette. Well, if you need any help with that, let me know.
Marinette::: Sure won't!Sure will. 
Marc::: You're just as shy as I am, aren't you?
Marinette::: Just do as I say, not as I do, okay?
Marinette:::How's it going?Nate? So.. what did you think?
Nathaniel::: It's seriously amazing! But how did you get a hold of it?
Marinette::: First, I need to know if you're willing to meet the person who wrote it and then trusted it to me.
Nathaniel:::Is it... who I think it is?
Marinette::: I can't tell you anything. Please don't insist.
Nathaniel::: Sure.Of course.
Marinette::: Awesome! You're gonna make someone very happy.
Marinette::: You keep it. You can give it back to the author later today. In person.
Nathaniel:::It's my dream come true. This isn't some kind of prank, is it, Marinette?
Marinette::: Meet at the Place des Vosges Square Fountain. Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
Marinette::: Final phase of operation Comic Book, Tikki.
Tikki::: This will be better than a fairy tale ending.
Nathaniel::: Ladybug?
Marc::: Huh?
Nathaniel::: What?! You're not Ladybug!
Marc::: Of course I'm not, it's me, Marc. Didn't Marinette tell you?
Nathaniel::: Marinette? 
Marinette::: Uhh, operation Comic Book has hit a snag! 
Nathaniel::: You were trying to make a fool of me, weren't you?Do you think it's funny to toy with my feelings?
Marc::: No, not at all! I-I just want.. to make.. a comic book, if you want to, that is.
Nathaniel::: A comic book? Us!? Together?! Never! 
Marc::: Ah!
Marinette:::Oh no! 
Hawk Moth::: A blooming friendship brutally ripped up. Picture perfect no more.Fly away, my beautiful akuma, and evilize him!
Hawk Moth:::Reverser, I am Hawk Moth. You've been accused of pretending to be someone you're not, so from now on, no one will be who they claim to be. I'm giving you the power to invert anyone. The strong will become weak. The brave will become cowards. And the kind will become mean. In return, you will seize Ladybug's and Cat Noir's Miraculous for me.
Marc::: Nothing will be the same anymore, Hawk Moth.
Marinette:::Marc? What happened?
Reverser::: I'm not Marc anymore.I am Reverser! And you, Marinette, the one who caused all this! You think you're the super helpful girl who's loved by everyone? Well, from now on, everyone will hate you!Reversion! 
Mr. Ramier::: Ouch! What's happening to you, my little pigeons?Where are you going? Wait! Come back! Please! 
Marinette::: But I don't get it! I really was trying to help you!
Reverser::: LIAR!! You told Nathaniel I was someone else!
Roger:::Hey you! What is this thing?Vehicle registration please.
Reverser::: You're all about law and order? Well, we're all done with that! Reversion! 
Roger::: Mhuhahahaha!Do whatever you want with that paper plane of yours. I've got other plans!
Reverser:::MARINETTE!!! 
Marinette::: Where did operation Comic Book go wrong? We better find out!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah! 
Ladybug::: Stop, Reverser, listen! We don't need to fight, so please make the right choice and give up, Reverser!
Reverser::: You talk a lot, Ladybug. But what will you do without your powers? Reversion! 
Reverser::: You can't stay still, can you? Well, let's go for a ride then!
Ladybug::: Whaaa! 
Nadja:::As Mayor Bourgeois will later talk about his new space-dumpster program, protesters gathered under the slogan Space is no dump and are walking towards city hall, causing traffic jams in the center of the city.
Roger::: Hahaha! In the name of the law, do whatever you want! Heh!
Person::: The bank, he robbed the bank!
Ladybug:::AAAAA......AAAAHHH!
Adrien:::I forgot my fencing gloves, since traffic's so bad, I'll go get them and catch up with you on foot. 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Hawk Moth:::Be clever, Reverser. A writer must never be short of ideas.
Reverser:::You used to be quick on your feet? Now you've got two left feet! Reversion! 
Cyclist::: Aaah!
Reverser::: Oops! 
Cyclist::: Wah! S-Sorry! How do I ride a bike?! Uuaaahh!
Ladybug::: Oh no!
Cyclist:::AAAAAAAH!!!Thank you, Ladybug!
Ladybug:::Aah! Ugh.
Reverser::: Gotcha!
Reverser::: Hahahaha! How do you like your new role, Ladyklutz?
Hawk Moth:::Excellent work, Reverser. Now that she's weakened, get hold of her Miraculous, her earrings!
Reverser::: Your miraculous are mine!
Cat Noir::: Awesome costume!Hah! Too bad we'll have to tear it up!
Ladybug:::Ugh.
Cat Noir::: Everything okay, m'lady?
Reverser::: So you think you're brave, Cat Noir? Revert from puss to wuss! Reversion! 
Cat Noir:::Oh, yeah, I'm so scared. Come on milady, let's wrap this up.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, wait!Aah!
Cat Noir:::M'lady?
Cat Noir:::Whaaaaaaa...!
Reverser::: What's up kitty, got vertigo?
Hawk Moth:::Locate them, Reverser. The Miraculous are so close!
Reverser:::They are powerless now, Hawk Moth. We've got all the time in the world. I'll take care of them as soon as I've inverted Marinette and Nathaniel.
Hawk Moth:::Fine! But hurry! I want my miraculous!
Reverser::: Hahahahaha!
Mr. Kubdel::: Hmm. Alix, your friend is here!
Reverser::: Where are Nathaniel and Marinette?
Jean-Pierre::: That's a very creative costume you have there. Would you like to join our workshop?
Reverser::: All I want is to know where Nathaniel and Marinette are! RIGHT NOW!
Ladybug::: Ah, even swimming is impossible with this curse.
Cat Noir:::Achoo! Great. Now I'm sure I'm gonna catch a cold.
Ladybug:::How are we gonna defeat him?
Cat Noir::: What? You wanna face him again? I really don't wanna fight that bad guy! He looks so mean.
Ladybug::: We don't have a choice, Cat Noir. Reverser is looking for a Boy named Nathaniel. We've gotta find him before he does. Luckily, I know where to look.
Cat Noir::: I can't do it! The stairs are too high. It's making me dizzy.
Ladybug:::Come on, little kitty. Here, kitty kitty. That's it, we're good.See? You're gonna be just- WOAH!Uugghh...We're not outta the woods yet.
Reverser:::Tell me where Nathaniel and Marinette are!
Chloé::: Can't you see we're busy?
Reverser::: You're definitely the meanest person alive, treating Sabrina like a slave! Reversion! 
Sabrina:::Chloé, I want some juice made from fresh strawberries, but pick out all of the seeds first.
Chloé::: Yes, Sabrina! Coming right up, Sabrina!
Reverser::: Hahahaha!
Protesters:::Space is no dump!
Mayor Bourgeois:::Thanks to our space dumpster program, all our trash is now stored in orbital dumpsters. Making Paris the cleanest city in the world.
Ivan::: Booo! Booo! 
Reverser::: Paris, the cleanest city? We'll see about that! Reversion! 
Mayor Bourgeois::: I'm going to order our satellites to release all the dumpsters back down toward Paris, making our city the biggest trash heap the world has ever known.
Reverser::: AAH-HAHAHAHA!!!
Cat Noir::: Whoa! You drive like a maniac!
Ladybug::: Sorry about that. He's not quite himself right now. 
Ladybug::: Ughh!
Jean-Pierre::: I hate art and music! Let's destroy it all!
Ladybug:::Reverser got here first!Look! The Louvre is in almost every single one of Nathaniel's drawings.
Cat Noir:::Does this mean we're gonna have to take another cab?
Alix::: Maybe you should've given him a chance to explain.
Nathaniel::: What's the point? He wanted to tease me. Like everybody else.
Alix::: It can't possibly be because of Marinette. It's not like her to make fun of other people.
Nathaniel::: Hmm, do you think I jumped the gun a bit?
Ladybug::: Nathaniel! We need you, it's an emergenc- WHA!This is getting tiring...
Nadja::: It's been confirmed, ten thousand tons of garbage have just been released from space and are about to rain down on Paris, unless mayor Bourgeois cancels the process, the city will soon be under a mountain of trash. The man behind the chaos, Supervillain Reverser has given an ultimatum.
Reverser:::Ladybug, Cat Noir! I command you to deliver Nathaniel and Marinette to me right now! I also demand that you hand over your miraculous!
Ladybug::: We have to try and talk to him, and we're gonna need you, Nathaniel!
Cat Noir::: What about Marinette?
Ladybug:::We don't have time! Reverser will have to settle for just Nathaniel.
Alix::: I'm coming with you.
Ladybug::: No way! It's too dangerous.
Cat Noir::: Actually, I'll just stay here too, so I don't get in the way.
Alix:::Boo!
Cat Noir::: AAH!
Ladybug::: Ugh!
Alix:::It looks to me like you're going to need a helping hand.
Cat Noir::: You can never get too much help.
Alix:::Nathaniel is my friend. I'm not dropping him.
Cat Noir:::You're a public health-hazard!
Taxi Driver::: But I never even went over 15 miles an hour.
Alix:::That's strange, the stars are out early.
Ladybug::: Those are not stars! The trash is entering the atmosphere! In just a few minutes, it'll be like having a meteor shower, except with dumpsters instead!Don't be scared, Cat Noir. We can do this.
Cat Noir:::You're right, m'lady. Our powers may be all screwed up, but we still make a great team.
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug::: Ah! A bamboo-roll?
Ladybug:::Reverser! We're over here! I've got a deal for you. I'm gonna hand Cat Noir over to you now!In exchange, you'll reverse Mayor Bourgeois to order the dumpsters back out into space! Only then will I give my miraculous and Nathaniel.
Reverser::: I'll only reverse the mayor back if I have Cat Noir and Nathaniel. Then I'll reverse Nathaniel, and he'll have no choice but to make a comic book with me!
Ladybug:::Okay!
Cat Noir::: M'lady, I'm too scared.
Nathaniel::: And I don't wanna be reversed.
Ladybug::: You have to trust me.This is gonna work.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir and Nathaniel are on their way! Return Mayor Bourgeois back and stop the space dumpsters!
Reverser::: If you try to trick me, it'll cost you, dearly.
Ladybug::: What tricks do you actually think I can pull, Reverser? With the scaredy cat and me, super klutz, we don't stand a chance.
Reverser:::What?!
Nathaniel::: Go, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: Aaah!
Alix::: Okay, got it.
Reverser:::Stay still you nasty fleabag!
Ladybug:::Now turn back, a little to your right, Alix.Yes, now a bit up.Cat Noir, now!
Cat Noir:::CATACLYSM! 
Ladybug:::Miraculous Ladybug!
Cat Noir::: Alright, stunt-time!
Alix::: Hey, Ladybug, you're gonna need this. 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing from you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Cat Noir::: Cool. Feels good to be ourselves again.
Mayor Bourgeois::: My, my. I guess that space dumpster thing was a bad idea after all.
Mayor Bourgeois::: Thank you, Ladybug and Cat Noir, you really keep this city clean.
Ladybug:::Marc and Nathaniel? By now you realize there was a big misunderstanding, but if you give each other a chance, I'm sure you'll find out how well you can work together.
Cat Noir::: A bit like you and me, m'lady. 
Cat Noir and Ladybug::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Some day soon, Ladybug and Cat Noir, the order of things will reverse and I will win!
Nathaniel::: Next, they team up with the Mightillustrator and de-akumatized Reverser. Then he joins the team.
Jean-Pierre::: Wow, great job, Boys! 
Nathaniel::: Heh, thanks.
Marc::: None of this would've happened without you, Marinette.
Marinette::: I'm so relieved you're not mad at me, guys.
Nathaniel::: In fact, we've dedicated our first issue to you.To Marinette, who would make a super superhero.
Nate and Marc::: If she wasn't such a klutz!
All::: 
