Everyone::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: Way to go, guys! You're the best super team ever. Shadow Moth didn't stand a chance.
Carapace::: That's why he stays in the shadows, cause we shine too bright for him!
King Monkey:::Good one Carapace!
Ladybug::: Well, he won't stay in the shadows long if we all de-transform right here. Let's rendezvous later so you can all return your Miraculous to me.
Cat Noir::: Can I come with you?
Cat Noir::: I know, I know. Only the Guardian knows the identities of the Miraculous holders. And Cat Noir, despite being the first and most amazing team member of all is now just a holder like any other.
Ladybug::: Yeah, but you'll always be my favorite!Mwah! Byeeee!
Ladybug::: Rena Furtive!
Rena Furtive::: You can go now, the coast is clear.
Ladybug:::Bug out!
Rena Furtive::: Another perfectly organized operation, Mademoiselle Ladybug! Let's rest. 
Ladybug::: And perfectly secure thanks to you, Mademoiselle Rena Furtive! Spots off. 
Alya::: We're so good at this that we'll even be on time to see United Heroez: The Final End Fight at the movies!
Marinette::: Are you saying for once we'll actually see the beginning of a movie?
Alya::: Yeah, if we run! 
Gabriel::: I have failed again, Emilie. We should have been reunited long ago. I tried everything to get my hands on the Miraculous of Ladybug and Cat Noir. I should have already combined their powers that would have granted me the wish to bring you back!I am not... worthy... of our love!
Gabriel:::Ladybug never makes a mistake!
Gabriel::: Nathalie! You see, I've made at least one mistake.
Nathalie::: It wasn't a mistake. I was the one who decided to use the Peacock Miraculous despite it being damaged. I was fully aware of the risk that I was taking.
Gabriel::: A risk... Of course! She never makes mistakes, because she never takes any risks! 
Shadow Moth::: I need a villain who will force Ladybug to take risks, and without even realizing it,she'll make a mistake!
Adrien::: Great, of course my keys disappear from my bag just when I have to go out.
Xavier::: Now even benches have empty pigeon spikes on them? Oh, my poor friends...
Froggy's Dad::: Froggy, come back! It's too dangerous!
Froggy::: Why are you always scared of everything? I want to ride my bike without a helmet, without training wheels!
Shadow Moth::: Perfect! Fly away, my mega-kuma, and plague that deceived heart!
Froggy's Dad::: Come back!
Froggy's Mom::: Froggy, come back! It's time to go home!
Shadow Moth::: Risk. I am Shadow Moth. I'm giving you the power to make people forget all about their fears. Thanks to you, they will take all the risks, and let you take all the risks that you want also!
Froggy::: Oh, will it work on my parents too?
Shadow Moth::: Yes. All the daddies, mommies, and children who hear your song will start taking risks without even realizing it. Do we have a deal?
Froggy::: Yeah!
Risk::: Woah!
Froggy's Dad:::Where's your helmet? And your training wheels?
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone.
Froggy's Dad::: Go ahead. After all, riding a bicycle's not that risky.
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come.
Shadow Moth::: You and I are going to have a lot of fun Risk, but you have to be discrete! Hide your Froggy toy wheel, otherwise, Ladybug will come and break it and you'll lose all your powers.
Risk::: I'm gonna hide it where she'll never find it.
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone.
Shadow Moth:::Ladybug, Cat Noir, whoever you are, wherever you're hiding, you are now bearing the mark of Risk. Of course I have no idea what mistake you're going to make or how you'll make it, but I do know that the beating of my wings has sown the seeds of recklessness, and now I just have to wait, then harvest your downfall.
Nathalie::: Adrien, remember that you have—
Adrien::: School at 8:30, fencing at 1:30, then piano practice and Chinese class. But first and foremost, the breakfast for two that my father has been promising me for months.
Nathalie::: Umm, about that.
Adrien::: What? Awww. He's cancelled, hasn't he?
Nathalie::: No, no! You will meet with him... but, for a work session. 
Nathalie::: Last night, your father had an idea for a new ad campaign. Please put on these clothes before joining him in his study.
Plagg::: Well I for one would love to have breakfast with you.
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone.
Adrien::: I've had it, Plagg! I'm tired of photos and ads! I don't wanna be a model for my father's brand anymore! I just wanna be a son, and be able to have breakfast with him just once! I'm gonna go talk to him.
Plagg:::You do realize that your father will take this very badly, right?
Adrien::: I'm willing to take that risk! 
Adrien:::Father, I need to talk to you!
Gabriel:::Now's not the time, Adrien! Go change into the clothes you're supposed to be wearing!
Adrien::: Yes, Father.
Plagg::: Come on, don't give up! Rebellions are like cheese soufflés, just because they collapse doesn't mean you shouldn't try again!
Gabriel:::A girl. A Boy. They search for each other all over the world, before finally meeting in Paris, at the top of the Eiffel Tower.
Lila::: This is even more romantic than the Hollywood film I starred in!
Adrien::: Lila, we both know that's not true. I may have to work with you but I don't have to listen to your lies. 
Bob::: Gabriel, all these scenery's gonna cost us a pretty penny and green screens and pasteboard backdrops!
Gabriel::: There will be no pasteboard backdrops, Bob. I want sincerity! I want truth! This shoot will last several months all over the world. Adrien and Lila are leaving this afternoon.
Adrien::: What? I can't leave Paris!
Gabriel::: Is there a problem, Adrien?
Lila::: You're afraid of being away from your friends at school! But when I risk travelling around the world, I always stayed in touch with you all, and it only made us closer. 
Gabriel::: So there's no problem. At the end of the ad, using CG, they will melt together to become the perfume bottle. Two souls, one mind, one heart. First Love, the fragrance.
Nadja::: Gabriel took the world by storm this morning as he presented his new ad campaign, an ambitious project that will be filmed all over the world as an homage to the universal truth of first love.
Marinette:::Lila... representing... truth? Away with Adrien for weeks? It's the end of the world!
Tikki::: Marinette, you've watched this 22 times already! You really need to get to school.
Marinette::: Ah! School!Today's Adrien's last day at school and I'm running late!Ah! And I'm still in my pajamas! 
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Come on! Places, everyone! Latecomers will parlez with the principal later.
Lila::: I really didn't expect Gabriel to choose me to travel the world with Adrien.It's true that I do speak almost every language in the world, but I think above all that it was my sincerity that touched his heart. 
Nino::: An around the world trip, buddy! You got the best excuse for missing my birthday.
Rose::: Right over here! Good to see ya.
Tikki::: Hurry, Marinette! 
Marinette::: Adrien doesn't look happy, and I feel like I'm the only one who sees it!
Tikki::: You can see it cause you love him, Marinette!
Marinette::: I've got to tell him before he leaves. ' But I'm just gonna mess it all up as usual!
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone.
Marinette:::If I don't take a risk now, I'll never have the chance again!
Tikki::: Well said, Marinette!
Marinette:::Adrien!
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Ah! Miss Dupain-Cheng! Since you finally decided to honor us with your presence, place yourself next to Adrien. You replace Lila,who just explained to us that she suffers from ballophobia.
Lila::: No, wait! I'm actually feeling a lot better now.
Mr. D'Argencourt:::Oh, no no! I shall take no risks with my students' phobias.
Marinette::: Adrien! I— 
Nino::: Yeah! Got you, buddy!
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Adrien, to the dungeon!
Adrien::: To the dungeon?
Mr. D'Argencourt::: The dungeon is located behind the opposing team. Your teammates will have to tag you to get you out.
Adrien::: Ah, okay.
Alya::: Marinette! To the dungeon.
Mr. D'Argencourt::: Need I remind you that the object of this match is to avoid the ball?
Marinette::: Are you really leaving for several months?
Adrien::: That's what my father's decided.
Adrien::: If only you knew how sick I am of all of it, the photos, the film shoots, all these people fawning over me who don't even know me! These ads that don't make any sense? And now I'm expected to just leave my friends and travel to the end of the world for I don't know how long, with Lila?
Marinette::: Why don't you tell them all that you don't wanna do this?
Adrien::: No one would understand my complaining. They all think it's amazing what's happening to me.
Marinette::: I understand you.
Adrien:::Well, you're the only one.
Marinette::: You've gotta talk to your father, Adrien.
Adrien::: I've tried but I can't. I don't know why. He's my father, though, I love him! I know he loves me! It's all so... frustrating! Has there ever been something you wanted to tell someone but you just couldn't do it, as if some kind of invisible force was holding you back?
Marinette::: All the time.
Marinette::: Adrien, I—
Lila::: Sir! Since class is almost over, do you think we could finish early so Adrien and I can have time to say goodbye to all of our friends?
Ivan::: Good idea!
???::: Yeah!
Nino::: You better send me some local music from your trip!
Kim::: The photos of all the beaches where you swim!
Rose::: And of the pretty sunsets!
Mr. D'Argencourt::: You so richly deserve to finally see the beauty of this world!
Adrien::: You're right, I am lucky, and I'm gonna miss you all so much. 
Lila::: We're not leaving alone, friends, we're bringing every single one of you with us in our hearts.
Everyone except Marinette::: Aww!
Marinette::: Adrien, wait up! Adrien!
Chloé:::Out of the way! Forget about these losers, Adrikins! I'll be able to come and see you whenever I want on mom's private jet.
Adrien::: Sure, Chloé, sure. Is everything okay?
Lila::: See you in a bit for our great journey, Adrien.Bye! Love ya!
Chloé::: Love ya, Adrikins! Mwah! 
Marinette::: We have three hours left to stop Adrien from getting on that train! Here's the plan. The potato is Adrien; Alya, you'll be the juice box, Rose the little strawberry, Nino the fork—
Nino::: Hang on! You wanna stop Adrien from travelling around the world? Adrien who's never allowed outside his house? Adrien who's never seen anything his whole life?
Alya::: It's cause Lila's going with him, isn't it?
Rose::: If you love him, you gotta let him go and live his dream!
Marinette::: But it's not his dream! Adrien hates the filmshoots! The photos, he can't stand it anymore! I'm not trying to save him from Lila, but from his father! He doesn't know how to tell him that he doesn't want to be a model anymore!
Kim::: Everybody wants to be a model.
Nino::: If he didn't want to model anymore, he would've told me. He's my best bud.
Marinette:::But he told me himself!
Alya::: Marinette. You can't decide what Adrien does with his life, Lila or no Lila.
Marinette::: But—
Alya::: As your BFF, I refuse to follow along with this plan, for your own good as well as his. You cannot risk messing with someone else's life.
Marinette::: Fine! I'll save him without you. 
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone.
Firetruck Driver::: Ah, driving without a helmet is so liberating.
Kim::: I'm gonna swim the entire Seine!
Max::: I'm coming with you!
Kim::: But you don't know how to swim.
Max::: That's why I brought my ducky! 
Adrien:::Félix?
Félix::: Hi there, my favorite cousin.
Adrien::: How did you get in?
Félix:::Oh, Nathalie! There was a problem with the car so I walked home but I forgot my keys!
Adrien:::That's not how I talk!
Félix:::You're right, you sound even more pathetic.
Adrien:::Why are you here this time? To mock me or ruin my reputation with my friends?
Félix:::Neither. I'm here to save you.
Adrien:::I'm doing just fine, thank you.
Félix:::Oh yeah, I can see how happy you look.You don't expect me to believe that leaving Paris and your super cool, super nice friends behind is really what you want, do you?
Adrien:::I don't know what I want.
Félix::: I know, and that's why the second I saw your face on TV this morning, I left London to get you out of this mess. Freedom is something you make Adrien. For starters, you gotta stop doing everything your father tells you to.
Adrien::: I can't disobey him.
Félix:::You can't, but I can. Remember how we pretended to be each other when we were little? We're gonna do the same thing. Because unlike you, I can say no to your father.
Adrien::: I know my father. He'll never give in.
Félix::: Or maybe your fear keeps you from seeing a hidden side of him. If I succeed, you get to go back to your school and your super nice friends tomorrow. So? Do you want to take that risk and try it?
Adrien::: You're right! But what am I gonna do in the meantime?
Félix::: For once, whatever you want. You only have one life, Adrien.
Félix:::Excuse me! Can you give me a hand with my suitcases?
Félix::: Hang on, Nathalie! Let me help you.
Nathalie::: Thank you, Adrien.
Félix::: All done!
Nathalie::: Thank you!
Félix::: Ah!
Gabriel::: I have one last thing to tell Nathalie, then it's time to go. Wait outside.
Félix::: Yes, father.
Félix::: I KNOW you've got a secret, uncle.
Félix::: Nothing will stop me from finding out what you're hiding this time!
Félix::: I knew it... Shadow Moth!
Gabriel::: This is our riskiest plan yet! There are so many parameters we have no control over.
Félix::: No... no! Huh?!
Gabriel::: If anything were to go wrong, I want to leave something at the Agreste behind. I'm entrusting you with my wife's ring, and my son.
Gabriel::: Adrien! Adrien?
Gabriel::: Adrien!
Gabriel::: Adrien! What are you doing in here?
Félix::: I... I wanted to tell you father that...I don't wanna go on this trip!
Gabriel::: Adrien! I'm your father, and I'm telling you to—To... to...
Gabriel::: Huh.
Nathalie::: Adrien, it's time to go.
Félix::: Uh— Yes, Nathalie. 
Marinette:::Of course! Gabriel is a dragon, Adrien is prince imprisoned by the dragon. And to save a prince from a dragon, you need A KNIGHT!
Tikki::: And that knight is you?
Marinette::: Of course not, Tikki! The knight is... Ladybug! No one listens to Marinette, but everyone listens to Ladybug. As Ladybug, I will be able to convince the dragon Gabriel, and Prince Adrien will be saved. Tadaaa!
Tikki::: Marinette, you've been taking too many risks today, something's wrong! Remember, Adrien is your weakness, and everytime you've used Ladybug's powers to solve your personal problems—
Marinette::: I know it's too risky, but it's important! Tikki, spots on!
Tikki::: Ahhh!
Plagg::: C'mon, don't just sit here! For once, you can do whatever you want! Like, buying all the cheese you want, and then eating it all! Camembert, Roquefort, Reblochon!
Adrien::: No! Félix is gonna call me any second.
Adrien::: Kagami?
Kagami:::Adrien, I saw you on TV this morning, and I know that you don't want to leave. Once again, you let your father decide for you!How long are you going to remain his puppet, Adrien?
Adrien:::But... my cousin is gonna talk to him, and-
Kagami:::This just keeps getting better. You're letting your COUSIN do things for you now? Who's pulling the strings of your life? Your cousin? Your father? Me, when we were together? It's never YOU! You're only good at doing what people tell you to do! Dare to cut your strings, Adrien!...Forgive me if I hurt you. 
Plagg:::Wow, that girl is more character than any cheese I've ever tasted!
Adrien:::Kagami's right! I should have stood up to my father from the very beginning! Félix shouldn't be doing this for me, I need to take my own rightful place, and tell my father what I have to tell him MYSELF!Félix, stop everything. I'm on my way!
Gabriel::: Safe travels, Adrien.
Félix::: Thank you, father.
Adrien::: Félix, stop everything. I'm on my way!
Ladybug::: Oh, no! I'm too late!
Adrien::: I should've known... he's tricked me again! It's time to end this game! I'm gonna talk to my father! 
Ladybug::: Adrien! Adrien, you can't leave, I need you!
Ladybug::: Ah! What I mean is uh... Paris needs you! Cause you know, Paris without Adrien Agreste is kinda like, Paris without the Eiffel Tower! I saw that in the news all that you're leaving. They're all at risk of being akumatised! Talk to your father and tell him that you can't go away for such a long time!
Félix::: I already talked to him, Ladybug, but he wouldn't listen.
Ladybug::: You HAVE to insist! Stand up to him, you have to trust yourself and not to take that risk!
Félix::: I don't have the courage. Unlike you, I'm not a superhero.
Announcer::: The Startrain number 5712 to London is about to depart. Please mind the closing doors.
Nathalie:::We have to go, Adrien.
Félix::: Farewell, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: Adrien!
Adrien::: Father... father?
Nathalie::: Your son is safe, sir.
Gabriel::: Thank you Nathalie. Bon voyage.dual metamorphosis!
Risk::: I'm Froggy, here I come, I'm not afraid of anyone!
Shadow Moth::: It's time you finally started taking some risks Ladybug!Go, my beautiful amok, and bring my creation to life!
Shadow Moth::: Strikeback, you will wreak havoc throughout Paris! Thanks to you, I am certain that Ladybug will finally make a mistake!
Parisian 1::: Hey, right over here!
Parisian 2::: I can get a selfie with him, I'll get so many likes!
André::: Hey! I have a perfect ice cream for you, Mr. Villain! Hot pepper for some spice, sugar hazelnut for the ultimate thrill!
Ladybug:::Spots off.
Marinette:::It's all over, Tikki.
Tikki::: He'll be back, Marinette. He's just going on a voyage!
Marinette:::Of course, Voyage! Ladybug may have failed, but Pegabug will bring him back! And together we'll go talk to his father!
Tikki::: You wanna use the Miraculous of the Horse and teleport yourself, just for that?
Marinette::: I'm ready to risk everything to not lose Adrien! Tikki, spots on!
Adrien::: Father?
