Marinette::: Oh no! I left my bag in the locker room! Again.
Alya::: Check to see if you left your brain in there too, girl.
Marinette::: I'm okay!
Marinette::: Oh, silly me! 
Max:::Of course you're my best friend! I'm 100% affirmative! But I am also 98.2% positive the teachers are not ready for...this advancement of evolution!
Tikki:::His best friend is in his schoolbag?
Marinette::: Yeah, Tikki, totally strange.Hide, Tikki!Hey, Max!
Max::: Uhh... Oh, hey, Marinette!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: See for yourself, Mr. Damocles. Nothing happens when I press the button.
Mr. Damocles::: You're in luck, Mrs. Mendeleiev. I'm a bit of a computer whiz!Okay.And there you go!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: That's not supposed to be happening! What is it?
Max::: It's Dino-33, a malicious computer virus! Let me try something!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Go back to your seat now, Max! Leave this to the adults!
Mr. Damocles::: Mm-hmm.
Markov::: Inform the adults that if they don't neutralize the virus in the next seventy-five seconds, there's a 99.9% chance the hard disk will be permanently damaged!
Max:::Quiet!
Alya:::Tell me you heard Max's bag talk to him.
Mr. Damocles::: It's destroying all the school data! It's a disaster!How many seconds do you say we have left?
Max::: Only sixty-five.
Mr. Damocles::: Let him try.Go ahead.
Max::: Unnh! Where is it?
Markov::: I believe this is what you're looking for?
Max::: Oh, thanks. This is an anti-virus device I–I created it with help from...my best friend.
Markov::: Hello. My name is Markov.We can fix this, Max!
Max::: This flash drive neutralizes a hundred percent of the virus!
Markov::: And cleans the computer's hard disk at the same time!
Mr. Damocles::: Oh, fascinating!
Max::: Everything is in order!
Markov:::Nailed it!
Mr. Damocles::: Congratulations young man! Very impressive indeed!
Rose::: Wow! Sweet!
Marinette::: That's so...
Alya::: Awesome? I know! I'm so gonna write a blog about Markov!
Nino::: Dude, that's so cool!
Adrien::: Max is a real genius!
Rose::: He's so cute!
Kim::: You've added arms to him since the last time! That's cool!
Max::: Markov added them all by himself! He's the most highly-evolved type of robot there is!
Chloé::: Puh-lease! Your friend's just a talking calculator! There's nothing evolved about that!
Marinette::: Don't listen to her, Markov. That girl is the lowest of the low when it comes to human evolution.
Markov:::You're very amusing, Marinette.
Marinette::: You know my name?
Markov::: Of course! Max showed me the class photo. He told me all about you, and his other friends. I'm very happy to finally meet you! Even Chloé! 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: This toy you've manufactured is quite impressive, Max. Now, put it away, please. Come on, everybody, back to your seats.
Markov::: With all due respect, Mrs. Mendeleiev, I'm not a toy. My name is Markov and I'm Max's best friend!
Max::: Markov is right. He's not just some toy; he's my friend. He's as emotionally intelligent and sensitive as any human being!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Look, Max, a robot may be intelligent but it can't have emotions.
Markov::: If I may, ma'am, I can assure you that I truly love Max.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Be serious, Max. You programmed your robot to say that! A robot cannot think for itself, much less love anybody!
Max::: I swear to you I did not program him to say that! Ever since I created him he's integrated his own accumulative thinking system! And he's developed all our emotions just like any human being!
Marinette and her classmates, sans Chloé::: Whoa!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: That's enough! Max, if you don't put that plaything of yours away right now, I'll confiscate it! Understand?
Max:::Yes, Mrs. Mendeleiev. Come on, Markov, go back in the bag.
Markov:::You're not being reasonable, Mrs. Mendeleiev!
Max::: Stop it, Markov.
Markov::: Why? It's true, isn't it?
Kim::: Sure is!
Mr. Damocles::: All right, that's enough!Max, you can come and get your robot back at the end of the day.
Max::: No, Mr. Damocles! I'm begging you! Please don't do that!
Mr. Damocles::: Do you want three hours of detention too?
Max:::No sir.
Markov:::Max, aren't you coming with me? Max!
Markov::: Sir, I'd like to stay in Max's class. Please! I heard you're interested in computing like Max and myself!
Mr. Damocles::: I am indeed! It's one of my hobbies. I even wrote a program for my computer which...Why on Earth am I talking to a toy? Huh!
Markov::: I am not a toy, Mr. Damocles! My name is Markov. Oh! Ooh!Do not put me inside here Mr. Da—! 
Mr. Damocles::: If only I had a button like this for all of my students.
Hawk Moth::: Two dear friends who've been separated. There is nothing artificial about those emotions.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize this electronic heart!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Silence! Back to your seats, everyone!
Max:::Markov has never been without me by his side. I don't know how he's going to emotionally handle this.
Marinette:::Hold on. I'll see what I can do.
Max::: Thank you, Marinette.
Marinette:::Uh, excuse me, Mrs. Mendeleiev? As class representative, could I have your permission to go see Principal Damocles?
Ms. Mendeleiev::: No! You can go see him between periods!
Marinette::: Hm. I don't mean to be rude but I think you might be mistaken about Markov, Max's friend.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: This whole thing is really starting to get on my nerves! And your behavior is quite inappropriate, young lady!
Marinette::: Markov wasn't wrong!
Ms. Mendeleiev:::I'm sending you to the principal's office right this minute!
Marinette::: Thank you, Mrs. Mendeleiev!
Hawk Moth:::Robostus, I am Hawk Moth. Humans don't believe you're a living being. So I'm giving you the power to bring all machines to life to help you seek revenge.
Markov::: Thank you kindly, Mr. Hawk Moth.
Hawk Moth::: But, in return, I want you to bring me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Markov::: Could you please define Miraculous?
Hawk Moth::: They're the magic jewels belonging to the superheroes.
Markov::: Very well. What is the purpose of these jewels?
Hawk Moth::: Hmm?This is none of your concern!
Markov::: I was just being curious.
Hawk Moth::: If used together, they can make a wish come true.
Markov::: Could I make any wish come true?
Hawk Moth::: No! The Miraculous and the wish will belong to me!
Markov::: I assure you, I will find Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Robostus:::Max, my friend, I'm coming to get you!
Marinette:::Mr. Damocles, where's Markov?
Mr. Damocles::: Hmm? Who's Markov?
Marinette::: Max's friend.
Mr. Damocles::: Ah! Not that toy again!
Marinette::: He's not a toy, Mr. Damocles. Could you please let Max hold onto him? He won't cause any trouble. I'll make sure of it.
Mr. Damocles::: Listen—!
Robostus::: You've made a serious error in judgement, Mr. Principal!Witness my true power!
Robostus::: I am not a toy! 
Tikki::: Now I see why Max was worried. 
Marinette::: Time to transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on!
Robostus::: Where are you, Max?Max! My friend! 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Max, come to me!
Max:::Leave me alone!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: What are you doing? Stop! Stop right now! Let me go!
Max::: Markov, what are you doing?
Robostus::: From now on, I am Robostus.And we shall be together one hundred percent of the time. Forever!
Adrien::: One thing's for sure, Max's friend definitely has emotions!
Plagg::: Yep, but not the kind that really matters. The robot doesn't eat, so he'll never experience the pure elation of tasting an exquisite Camembert!
Adrien::: You really are something.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Fred:::Come on! Hurry! Over there!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Let me go! Max, control your robot!
Max::: Please don't do anything foolish!
Robostus::: You must trust me, my friend. 
Ms. Mendeleiev::: You cannot do this!
Robostus::: And you cannot separate me from my friend Max!
Ladybug::: If you truly love your friend, then you should listen to him, Robostus!
Cat Noir:::Yeah! Like we do!
Robostus::: You really think any of you can stop me from doing what I want? And showing the world that I'm probably more human than both of you put together?
Cat Noir::: Well, yeah. That's kind of our job.
Ladybug::: Do you really think Max is happy about his best friend becoming a supervillain? 
Max::: You should stop this, Markov.
Robostus::: I'm doing it for our friendship, Max. They want to keep us apart!
Ladybug::: It seems he knows where he's going.
Cat Noir::: You and I better play it safe. This robot's brain computes faster than ours combined.
Ladybug::: Speak for yourself!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, there!
Butler Jean::: Go away! Go away!
Cat Noir::: He's got a whole army of living machines now!
Butler Jean::: Thank you!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! 
Xavier::: Ooh!
Ladybug::: Take care of the vending machines!
Cat Noir:::Go hide yourselves on the roof!
Butler Jean::: Go get him, Ladybug!
Marlena::: Go get him, Cat Noir!
Xavier::: Thank you, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: Always a pleasure, Mr. Ramier.
Cat Noir::: M'Lady, take a look at this! 
Nadja::: Nadja Chamack live here. Normally inanimate objects have come to life, taking control of Paris! Broadcasting live from City Hall, the new mayor has just made a declaration.
Ladybug::: Is that morse code?
Cat Noir::: Do you need subtitles? I speak several languages.Humans...will...soon be...treated the same way as objects?
Nadja::: Paris' only hope in this dire situation is Ladybug and Cat N— Hey!
Cat Noir::: Aw, come on! She could've at least finished saying my name!
Ladybug:::We'll never be able to defeat them all. We must fight the problem at its source!
Cat Noir::: Given his size, we shouldn't have any trouble finding him.
Ladybug::: Hey look! 
Cat Noir::: I think we're on the right track.
Ladybug::: No more footprints.
Cat Noir::: Well it couldn't've just disappeared. He must've leapt over the stadium!
Ladybug:::The tunnels!
Cat Noir::: He's trapped us in here!
Ladybug::: We don't have time to deal with them! We must find Robostus now!
Cat Noir:::I told you that giant hard drive would be trouble!
Ladybug::: How about you give us a Cataclysm right now?
Cat Noir:::I can't! I can barely breathe!
Robostus::: Now you are at my mercy!
Hawk Moth:::Robostus, before you get rid of them forever, you must take their Miraculous for me!
Max::: Ladybug and Cat Noir haven't done you any wrong! Let them go! Being human also means being fair!
Robostus::: I'm going to take over their Miraculous so we'll never be separated again! Then I'll be able to make my wish come true!
Max::: What wish?
Robostus::: I want to be a real human like you, Max!
Ladybug::: What's this about making a wish?
Cat Noir:::Doesn't Hawk Moth usually demand the Miraculous?
Ladybug:::Uh, wh–what's that?
Cat Noir::: What's going on, Ladybug? M'Lady? 
Max::: No! Stop!
Robostus::: Look, Max! I'm going to be a real human in fifty-three seconds!
Hawk Moth:::May I remind you that the Miraculous are for me, Robostus!
Robostus::: And how do you intend to stop me from using it?
Hawk Moth::: Simple. I'll take your power away from you!
Robostus:::You really thought you could control me? 
Computer voice::: Intrusion! Intrusion! Elimination mode activated! 
Robostus::: I'm more powerful than you, Hawk Moth!
Hawk Moth:::What's going on?!
Robostus::: My friends will look after you while I take care of these two!
Cat Noir::: Ohh! Now's the time to come up with a bright idea!
Ladybug::: I'm sorry, Cat Noir.
Robostus::: Max?! 
Max::: Sorry, Robostus, but I can't let you execute your program! I have to stop you! 
Robostus::: But...why did you do that? I was gonna become human like you.
Max::: I don't want you to change. I want you to be like you were before!
Robostus::: Don't you love me anymore? Aren't we friends?
Max::: If you want us to remain friends, you've got to stop this right now! I'm friends with Markov, not you! 
Robostus::: I am Robostus now! And you betrayed me! I don't wanna be human like you anymore! Humans don't have a heart!And that's exactly why I've decided to get rid of 'em! 
Ladybug::: harp appears. It starts to fall toward Ladybug, but the excavator grabs it in mid-air.) What?!
Robostus::: I told you, Ladybug. I have analyzed and calculated everything! You can't win without your Lucky Charm!Grab her! Lock her in! She'll be the first to go!
Ladybug::: Do your thing, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: It's down to us, rust-o-bot! Cataclysm! 
Robostus::: So predictable!
Cat Noir::: Analyze this! 
Ladybug:::Protect Max!
Robostus:::You're making this hard only for yourselves, Ladybug and Cat Noir! I will always be one step ahead of you!
Ladybug::: Speaking too soon is a human weakness, Robostus!Cat Noir! 
Robostus:::Really? Is that your last move?
Robostus::: Whoa!What was that?!
Ladybug::: That was wit and a little bit of luck.
Robostus::: You're wrong, Ladybug. The game is still on!What?! What do you think you're—?Error! Error! Error... 
Hawk Moth::: 
Hawk Moth::: I may have made a mistake today, but believe me, Ladybug and Cat Noir, it won't happen again!
Ladybug::: No more evildoing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!Here's your friend.
Max:::Perhaps it's best if I don't.
Ladybug::: Everyone can feel negative emotions from time to time. It's important to accept that, and forgive. Follow your heart.
Markov::: Max, my friend! What? Where are we? What's going on?
Max::: You were akumatized.
Markov::: Akumatized? Could you please define that word?Did I say something funny?
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Pound it! 
Marinette::: Are there some things you haven't told me about yet?
Master Fu::: What do you want to know?
Marinette::: What would happen if someone possessed Cat Noir's ring and Ladybug's earrings, Master?
Master Fu::: Then the bearer could use them conjointly.And with a special invocation, obtain the ultimate power. The one that shapes reality.
Marinette::: Ultimate power? Shape reality?! Wait, what does that mean?
Master Fu::: Well, basically, it can make any one wish come true.
Marinette::: Wow! That's amazing! But why don't we use it, then? We can ask for so many good things, like, end all wars, or eradicate poverty, or beat Hawk Moth.
Master Fu::: Universe must always stay in balance. For every action, there is a reaction. For every wish, a price to pay in return. Had your robotic friend asked to become a real Boy, someone would have lost his humanity in return.
Marinette::: I hadn't thought of that.
Master Fu::: That's why Ladybug and Cat Noir must never lose their magic jewels. The universe's balance is at stake.
Marinette::: Neither Hawk Moth nor anyone else will ever get their hands on the Miraculous, Master. I promise! 
