Carapace::: Hey, do you think T-Rexes eat a lot?
Cat Noir::: Well, we're about to find out unless Ladybug gets back real soon!
Ladybug::: Yeah, it's all good! We found the dino call!
Anne-Jeanne:::It rolled under my cyclotron.
Anne-Jeanne::: Oh, yes!Who's the good little T-Rex? You are! Coochie-coochie-coochie-coochie-coo!!
Ladybug::: Everything okay, Carapace?
Carapace::: Oh, yeah! Yeah, yeah.
Carapace, Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Ladybug:::Good luck with your good little T-rexes, Mrs. du Bocquale!
Anne-Jeanne::: Bye! 
Anne-Jeanne::: Maybe it wasn't the best idea to bring you dinosaurs back to life. What am I gonna do with you guys now? You're gonna eat my entire food budget.
Bob Roth::: I'll buy them from you! I'll put them on an island and turn it into a theme park! I'll be rich! 
Cat Noir::: Catch you later!
Carapace::: Shell off! 
Ladybug::: Thanks!Something's wrong, isn't it?
Nino::: Well, uh..., well, why wasn't Alya- I mean, Rena Rouge, here today?
Ladybug::: Oh, uh... because we needed you and... only you, and you've rocked it! Way to go!
Nino::: I did?
Ladybug::: Mm-hmm.Bug out! 
Ladybug::: We weren't followed? No sign of Shadow Moth's traps?
Rena Furtive::: Nothing to report.
Ladybug::: Perfect! Spots off! 
Rena Furtive:::Let's rest! 
Marinette:::Alya, I wanted to ask you something.
Alya::: Ah, you noticed! It's crazy how my costume automatically adapted to my new role. And it gave me the idea for my new name - Rena Furtive!
Marinette::: Cool, yes, but secret. We agreed that officially the Miraculous of the Fox doesn't have a holder anymore. Alya, you did tell Nino that you would never be Rena Rouge again, right?
Alya::: Well, it's just...
Marinette::: Alya! Everyone has to believe that you can never use a Miraculous again. That way, you can be our spy without anyone suspecting.
Alya:::And cover you with my power of illusion if Shadow Moth has you followed or if he ever shows himself, I can follow him. I know, I know. 
Marinette::: For the plan to work, no one can know about it. And no one means no one. Even Nino has to believe that you'll never be Rena Rouge again!
Alya::: Or... Rena Furtive?
Marinette::: Or Rena Furtive!
Alya:::I just don't know if I can lie to Nino like that we share everything and...
Marinette::: It's too late to turn back now. Tell yourself that it's not really lying. It's more-
Alya:::It's more like you don't lie to your Boyfriend. If Nino ever finds out, he'll never trust me again.
Marinette::: I had to keep the truth from my best friend for a very long time, so I know how you feel.
Tom::: Girls!How about an Ultimate Mecha Strike 23 Tournament!
Marinette::: Woah! Sorry, but, uh, we're doing homework, Dad! 
Tom:::Again?! Your teacher sure gives you loads of homework!
Marinette:::And see, I still have to lie to my family. It's been months since I hung out with my dad but... we don't have a choice. We've got to protect our superhero secrets.
Alya:::Fine, I'll tell him.
Alya:::I-I, um...
Nino:::Somebody wants to play Super Penguino!
Alya::: There's something we gotta talk about first.
Nino:::What?
Alya:::Uh, I, uh...,I can't do this, it's too hard.
Nino:::You're starting to worry me.
Alya::: If I do this, it might change so much between us.
Nino:::Oh, no! Don't say it anything but that!
Alya::: Anything but what?
Nino::: You don't love me anymore!
Alya::: What? No! Of course, I do!
Nino::: What is it, then?
Alya:::Nino, it's about our superhero secrets. Ladybug and I had a chat and... Okay. I'm no longer Rena Rouge and I never will be. Ladybug won't give me a Miraculous ever again, she thinks it's become too dangerous.
Nino::: That all makes sense. It was so weird you're not being there with us last time. Well, it's a super bummer for sure but if Ladybug thinks it's better for you,why are you so scared to tell me? You know we can share everything and nothing will ever change that.
Alya::: Yeah, we can share everything.
Marinette:::You did the right thing. It's safer to protect our secrets.
Alya::: Yeah, it's probably better that way. 
Marinette::: It's gonna be time for ourevening walk soon if you know what I mean.
Alya::: And while the bug is out patrolling with the kitty, the sly fox will cover them in case the mean old moth sets up-Oh, I've been meaning to show you something. I took a few selfies with my new costume. There are tons of details I'm sure you missed. Check this out!Right by the neckline, isn't it way cool?
Marinette:::Alya...
Alya::: I think I like it better than the old one. Oh, what if I did a survey on the Ladyblog and let people vote on their favorite?
Marinette:::Alya, Rena Furtive means Rena Invisible. No one can ever see these.
Alya::: Oh, right. I forgot.Bummer, it's getting really hard to find a new material for the Ladyblog.I guess I still have that raw footage of Cat Noir stunts depending on how well I edit it. 
Marinette:::Yes, that's an awesome idea.Come on, let's go.
Nino:::Oh!
Nino::: Hey! Since we got out early today, what do you say we catch a movie?
Alya::: Uh, I'm... not so sure.
Marinette:::Go on! You have time, we'll meet up later.
Alya:::So, what's playing in the movies? 
Nino:::Alya! Slow down!
Trailer::: After Ladybug & Cat Noir...
Ladybug:::Oh, Cat Noir, come back!
Cat Noir:::I'll always love you, Ladybug!
Trailer:::Ladybug & Cat Noir 2: The Arrival of Rena Rouge.
Nino:::What about Carapace? Has everyone forgotten about Carapace?! 
Rena Rouge::: Cat Noir, forget about Ladybug. You and I, we are made for each other.
Nino::: What?! Rena Rouge will love Cat Noir? This is totally ridiculous!
Alya::: Hey, Nino. It's a cartoon, a made-up story! It's just made to entertain people.
Nino::: Well, I, for one, am not entertained!
Ladybug:::She's right, Cat Noir. You and Rena Rouge should be so much better together!
Nino::: Mademoiselle.Should I take you home? Or..
Nino::: That thing you were showing to Marinette on your phone earlier seemed really cool. What was it? Can I see?
Alya::: Oh- A thing? What thing? It was nothing. Besides, I'm just running out of battery. 
Nino::: Hey, look! André's over there! How about some ice cream?
André::: Alya and Nino, my favorite lovebirds! What shall I serve you today?
Alya::: Uh, nothing for me, thanks! I just remembered that I have homework to do and I'm not really hungry, anyway. You can have my half. See you later! 
Nino::: Thanks, André, but I guess we'll have to wait till next time.
Kid 1::: Come on, Cat Noir is in love with Ladybug, not Rena Rouge!
Kid 2::: I don't care! I'm Cat Noir and all the girls love me!
Alya::: There's a lot of talk about Ladybug, but hardly any about Cat Noir, and he's really an amazing superhero! Brave, funny, handsome; coming right up a montage of some of the most impressive stunts of a superhero who's every bit as magnificent as Prince Char-meow-ing. Stay connected!
Nino::: I knew it! She's in love with someone else!
Adrien::: You guys spend every minute together. I'm sure you're just imagining things. Who else do you think she'd be in love with, anyway?
Nino:::Cat Noir!
Adrien:::Yeah, right. How about crocodile while you're at it?
Nino:::Did you see the video?
Adrien::: Come on, that's just some video from the Ladyblog, not proof.
Nino:::I'll find proof, then you'll see that I was right! 
Adrien:::There's no way! 
Plagg::: Oh, there's a way. Yes way! My natural charisma has probably just rubbed off on you.
Adrien::: You think I played the charming kitty cat one too many times and unintentionally made her fall in love with me? I have to be sure! Plagg, claws out! 
Nino::: Who would want a tormented turtle for a companion? No one could resist a kitten!This one just ripped my heart out, like a tragic sax solo and a love song. There I was, with my old buddies again: the city, the night, the solitude, the rain, pouring down,not like the tears that were stuck in my throat.It was time to end all the lies and secrets. I'd always wanted to have a mustache anyway.
Alya::: Cat Noir!?
Alya::: What's going on? Is something wrong?
Cat Noir::: No, no! Everything's fine! It's just that I saw you posted a new video about me. I'm super flattered, really, but it made me wonder: you've been following Ladybug and me from the very start. You take photos and videos, and we even saved you a couple times. What I mean is, we're starting to know each other pretty well and... it's made me notice a couple of small things. I hope I'm just under the illusion that there's something but uh...
Alya::: Illusion...? What illusion? What small things?
Cat Noir:::It's kind of hard to explain, but I wanted to make sure that in all this time you've spent admiring me, you haven't built up some kind of uh... feelings for me. I mean, I get it, Hey, I am the Cat's Meow.
Alya::: Huh, what feelings for you?
Cat Noir::: Well.. you know.. 
Alya:::Are you insane?! I already have a Boyfriend! And FYI, with him it's not just,it's more like 
Cat Noir:::Sorry, that was so silly of me.
Alya::: Sorry, Cat Noir, but my Nino is a thousand times more irresistible than you. 
Alya::: Besides, I don't really know your real identity, and I could never fall for someone I didn't really know.
Adrien::: Oh, hey, Nino! I gotta tell you something.
Nino:::No! I gotta tell you something! 
Nino:::Sit down!
Adrien::: Uh... when did you set all this up?
Nino::: I'm the one asking questions! Remember what I told you yesterday? I got proof now. What do you say to this?! 
Adrien:::Uh-Come on, that doesn't make any sense. You're wrong, that's not at all what happened!
Nino::: How do you know? You were there? You're in on it too?!
Adrien::: No, no. Of course, not! But it's impossible! I'm sure this is just a misunderstanding. Alya and Cat Noir have nothing in common. They barely know each other! Alya is just a superhero fan she's been filming Ladybug and Cat Noir, that's all!
Nino::: They know each other well enough!
Adrien::: But no one knows Ladybug and Cat Noir's secret identities. Can you imagine Alya falling in love with someone she doesn't really know? The girl who wants to be a reporter who always wants to know the truth, no matter what? Who wants to share everything with the Boy she loves?
Nino:::They actually know each other much better than you think!
Adrien::: You can't assume that from this video.
Nino::: Listen, here's what you don't know! I'm not talking about the video, dude. I'm talking about something I shouldn't be telling you. A mind-blowing secret. Alya is a superhero. She's Rena Rouge!
Adrien::: What?!
Nino::: Shh!I know what you're about to say: That's nonsense and how would Nino know that anyway? I know because... I'm a superhero too. I'm Carapace!
Adrien::: Huh? You're... Carapace? But... the two of you know?! You know each other's secret identities?!
Nino::: Of course, Alya and I have never kept anything from each other. Until now, though that Cat Noir's business!
Adrien::: Wait a sec, I don't understand! I thought that secret identities had to be protected at all costs. If it were true, you'd never just tell me like that. Ladybug would never agree to that!
Nino::: Are you kidding? Ladybug is the one who gave us both our Miraculous at the same time.
Adrien:::No, that's impossible! 
Nino::: What are you trying to say? That I'm lying or something!?
Adrien::: No, no. What I meant was- Okay, you're Carapace, she's Rena Rouge and Ladybug's okay with this. But it still isn't like Alya or Cat Noir to be...you know...? 
Nino::: You don't know what Cat Noir really is but I do! I'm part of the team! I see how he acts in real life. Sure, as soon as Ladybug shows up, he throws himself at her feet with roses and big declarations,but he gets blown off every time, because Ladybug thinks he's obnoxious, and she's right! And then whenever Rena Rouge shows up, it's like,Why, hello there, pretty lady, you look so fine! You smell so good! So yeah, it's easy to figure out that the first mission I missed- I mean, Carapace missed, he made his move and, BAM! This is what happened. Now,I'm all alone. I've lost the love of my life.If I could, I'd sew his sweet talking mouth shut with his own whiskers! 
Shadow Moth::: A spurned Boyfriend who wants vengeance on his rival. Now that's a strong emotion.Fly, my little akuma and help this young man destroy his enemy! My enemy! 
Adrien::: There's got to be an explanation, Nino. We'll work it all out! 
Shadow Moth:::Rocketear, I am Shadow Moth. Cat Noir has ripped your heart out and left you in a weeping state of sorrow. So, I'm giving your tears the power to destroy everything! All I ask for in return are-
Nino:::I know what you want, Shadow Moth. Don't worry, the only thing left to them will be their Miraculous. 
Adrien::: Nino, you have to fight off this-
Rocketear:::You're not my enemy, Adrien. Cat Noir is! 
Plagg::: I know what you're about to do but I would advise you not to, considering what your pal's got in store for Cat Noir.
Adrien::: I can't leave Nino like that!
Adrien:::Plagg, claws out! 
Alya::: And that's why he showed up in the middle of the night, because of this video I post on the Ladyblog. He thought I was in love with him.
Marinette:::Oh, that Cat Noir.
Rocketear:::Cat Noir! You stole my Alya from me! I'm going to steal your life from you! 
Cat Noir::: I didn't steal anyone!Alya still loves you!
Rocketear::: LIAR! I have proof! 
Marinette::: Oh no, this can't be happening! 
Alya::: Oh, Nino, no!
Marinette:::We have to stop them before they hurt each other. Come on, follow me! 
Marinette::: Okay, we can transform in peace in here.Alya, don't tell me you... 
Alya::: Of course, not! It's a misunderstanding. If you could hear what we were saying, there's no way Nino would believe that I'm in love with Cat Noir.
Marinette::: Okay, fine. Let's not waste time.Tikki!
Alya:::Trixx!
Marinette::: Spots on! 
Alya:::Let's pounce! 
Ladybug::: projector) A video projector? What am I supposed to do with this? 
Rena Furtive::: Do like Nino and make up imaginary movies in your head?
Ladybug:::You said that if Nino could have heard what you were saying, there'd be no misunderstanding?
Rena Furtive::: Absolutely!
Ladybug::: How well do you remember what you guys said on the balcony?
Rena Furtive::: Every. Word.
Ladybug::: Do you think you could make... a sound illusion?
Rena Furtive::: Totally.
Cat Noir::: I don't wanna fight you! 
Rocketear::: Silence! 
Cat Noir:::Let me explain!
Rocketear:::I don't wanna hear your lies!
Cat Noir::: You wanted proof? Here's proof. 
Rocketear::: That doesn't prove a thing! 
Cat Noir:::See? I don't wanna hurt you. Can we talk now?
Shadow Moth:::Shut him up for good! But before you do, seize his Miraculous!
Rocketear:::It's over, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir:::Don't do this.
Ladybug::: Nino, stop! Look, my Lucky Charm gave me a super-advanced projector that will allow you to hear the sound of the video that you shot.I don't know what Cat Noir said to your girlfriend either, but I trust him.
Rena Furtive:::Mirage!
Ladybug::: Now, look and listen carefully.
Rena Furtive:::Well, you know...
Cat Noir:::Well, you know... 
Alya:::Are you insane? I already have a Boyfriend! And FYI, with him,...
Alya and Rena Furtive::: It's not just... it's more like... 
Cat Noir and Rena Furtive:::Sorry, that was so silly of me. 
Alya and Rena Furtive::: Yeah, sorry, Cat Noir, but my Nino is a thousand times more irresistible than you. Besides, I don't know your real identity and I could never fall for someone I didn't really know.
Rena Furtive::: Let's rest! 
Alya::: Nino! 
Rocketear::: I can't believe I ever doubted you.
Alya::: I can't believe I ever chose to do anything over spending time with you.
Rocketear::: I'm so sorry. 
Alya::: I was so scared for you. 
Rocketear::: Shadow Moth! You can have your lame powers back! 
Shadow Moth:::Oh! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Shadow Moth::: Love and secrets don't mix, Ladybug, and I'm sure you have many secrets, too.
Ladybug:::Nino, take this magical charm. Always carry it with you. That way, Shadow Moth can't get to you, anymore.
Nino::: I won't need to use it, Ladybug.I'll never let Shadow Moth use my love to manipulate me again.I guess I was wrong about you, my dude. I'm sorry. 
Cat Noir::: Everyone has doubts now and then,even me...
Ladybug::: Is everything okay, Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Yeah, yeah.Pound it!
Ladybug:::Pound it!
Adrien::: I still can't believe Ladybug entrusted Alya and Nino with those Miraculous.
Plagg:::Of course she did. She's the Guardian.
Adrien::: But they're a couple and they know each other's secret identities.
Plagg::: So...? 
Adrien::: So, why does she make it a rule that we can't know each other's identities but it's okay for them?
Plagg::: She's the Guardian, the Grandmaster Cheese Ripener, and you and I are just cheese on the platter. She decides what's on the menu.
Marinette::: I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to cause trouble between you and Nino.
Alya:::Don't worry, I've got this. Do you trust me?
Marinette::: I trust you.
Alya::: Nino?
Nino::: Hmm?
Alya::: There's something I have to tell you.
Nino::: Again? You sure you don't wanna just play Super Penguino instead?
Alya:::I'm still Rena Rouge.But now I'm in hiding and that's why Ladybug asked me not to tell anyone.
Nino:::But why are you telling me if no one's supposed to know? Is Ladybug cool with this?
Alya::: I can't hide it from you, because I love you, Nino, and we share everything.
