Marinette::: Ready, papa?
Tom::: As much as I'll ever be.
Sabine::: Happy Career Day, my darlings!
Tom::: My day begins at 4 a.m. every morning because the bakery opens at 7. You think that the life of a baker is pretty routine, making the same pastries, rolls, cakes... but actually, it's different everyday. One day someone might order a cake in the shape of the Eiffel Tower, and another day you might
Phone::: You've reached the voicemail of Gabriel's office. Please leave a message.
Adrien::: Hi father, it's me. It's Parent's Career Day at school, remember? I was hoping that you were gonna show up. Call me back.
Plagg::: You okay?
Adrien::: Yeah, whatever. Nothing new.
Tom::: Marinette will come around and pass out some croissants baked fresh this morning.
Miss Bustier::: Thank you, Mr. Dupain. Now, let's meet Alya's mom, who is head chef at the Grand Paris hotel, owned by our mayor, Mr. Bourgeois.
Sabrina::: It's beautiful! 
Chloé:::Look, don't touch!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Put it away, Chloé! It could get in the wrong hands!
Chloé::: I wonder how many croissants your dad would have to sell to buy you one of these? What am I saying? He'd have to sell the whole store!
Marinette::: Well, if you're so rich, obviously you don't need free croissants!
Chloé::: Ugh, jealous.
Plagg::: Is that Camembert?Huh? Oh, that's not Camembert... But it is very shiny. I like shiny, hmm!
Marlena::: Unfortunately, I have no dishes to share. But maybe Mr. Bourgeois will invite you all to the hotel and treat you to lunch!
Plagg:::He he...ohh...Ah! Ah! 
Marinette:::Wahh!
Chloé::: Geez, is there a day when you're not tripping over something?
Miss Bustier::: Next on the list is Sabrina's father, a policeman. Officer Roger! 
Roger::: I've been a police officer for 15 years, and I firmly believe that every citizen is innocent until proven guilty.
Chloé:::My bracelet! It's gone! I had it a second ago.You! You stole it!
Marinette::: What? What are you talking about?!
Chloé::: You unpurposedly tripped on my bag so you could steal my bracelet!You're a policeman! Arrest her!
Tom::: My daughter is not a thief!
Roger:::Hold on a minute, Miss Bourgeois, we don't accuse without proof! Now, everyone, calm down, please. Maybe you simply misplaced your bracelet.
Chloé::: You're calling me a liar?! Daddy!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Roger, I demand you search this girl!
Chloé::: Ha!
Miss Bustier::: Please, everybody!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Need I remind you that as mayor of this city, I am your superior!
Roger::: But sir, it's against the law! I can't just go
Mr. Bourgeois::: All right. Then you're no longer a police officer!
Roger::: Mayor, you can't be serious! Over a missing bracelet?
Mr. Bourgeois::: This is my daughter's bracelet we're talking about! You're incompetent and you're fired! Get out!
Roger::: Aww...
Chloé::: Good! Let's call Ladybug! I'm sure she'll actually do something!
Hawk Moth::: Parent-child relationships can be so complicated. And the perfect breeding ground for stress. When there's no more law and order, there's only chaos left.Fly away, my evil little akuma, and take control of this policeman!
Roger::: Hah! He expects me to break the law? That's just, just... criminal! 
Hawk Moth::: Rogercop, I am Hawk Moth. This city needs a true ruthless righter of wrongs, and that is where you come in.
Roger::: Yes sir! 
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug and Cat Noir must be destroyed if you want to attain ultimate retribution! You will seize Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculouses for me! Do we have an agreement?
Rogercop::: Affirmative. Cat Noir and Ladybug will be powerless against me, and justice will prevail in the streets of Paris.
Tom::: Don’t even think about getting near my daughter or her bag!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Do you know who I am?
Miss Bustier::: Please, gentlemen! This is a school here! Think of the children! Surely the bracelet is around here someplace.
Marinette::: It probably just rolled out of her bag or something!
Alya::: If I were her bracelet, I'd try and get as far away as possible from that crazy brat too. 
Marinette::: Hey! Nino's been filming everything this whole time! We can see what really happened!
Tom:::Marinette will come around and pass out some croissants baked
Marinette::: Well, there you have it! Sabrina was holding Chloé's bracelet!
Sabrina::: Yes! But I gave it back straight after!
Marinette::: Chloé, why don't you take a look in your BFF's bag?
Sabrina::: Are you saying I'm a thief?!
Marinette::: Nope! Chloé's the one calling people thieves without any proof. I'm simply going from what's on the video.
Sabrina::: Grrr! 
Nathaniel::: Yes, I did sketch the bracelet, but I didn't do anything else!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Huh?
Rogercop::: You're under arrest!
Ms. Mendeleiev::: What? What for?
Rogercop::: You threw litter on a public sidewalk, jaywalked and crossed the red light.
Ms. Mendeleiev::: Well, I suppose I did. But you can't arrest me! Who are you anyway? You don't look like a policeman!
Rogercop:::I sentence you to trash duty.Next mission: Seeking justice on Mayor Bourgeois.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Give me the tape! I'll have it analyzed by professionals!
Nino::: No way! It's my camera!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Who do you think you're dealing with? I am the mayor of this city! Where's the school principal? I want to see the principal!
Plagg::: I won't bother you with the story. It's a long, boring
Adrien:::Oh yes, you will explain it, and fast! You realize we have a big problem, don't you?
Plagg::: If by big you are referring to my rock-hard abs? Well, thanks for noticing!
Adrien:::Now we have a bigger problem!
Fred:::Hey! You can't just walk in here!
Rogercop::: I can go wherever I want, whenever I want. I am the law.
Fred::: Well, I'm the authority around here
Rogercop::: You are guilty of obstructing the path of justice!I sentence you to move around!
Fred::: Wait! I can't control my arm! What are you
Adrien::: What do you mean I can't transform?
Plagg::: If you transform, the bracelet will get absorbed with me and damage your powers!
Adrien::: Ahhhh...
Hawk Moth:::Mwahahahaha! It won't be long before Ladybug and Cat Noir show up to meet their doom!
Marinette::: See, Chloé? I tripped on the bag, but Sabrina held the bracelet, Nathaniel sketched it, we are all suspects!
Nathaniel::: Hey! What's that supposed to mean? I didn't swipe her bracelet!
Marinette::: And nether did I! But when it comes down to it, Chloé can accuse anyone and everyone!
Chloé::: Fine! Since you're a suspect, you'll have no problem letting me search your bag!
Marinette::: Okay! As long as you also search everyone else's too!
Nathaniel::: No one's searching my bag!
Tom::: Marinette, let the adults handle this.
Marinette::: Papa, she called me a thief! I'm just defending myself.
Tom::: You're also accusing all of your friends like Chloé's doing to you!
Sabrina::: I'm Chloé's BFF! I wouldn't steal from her!
Max::: What about Adrien? He was in at least 4 and a half seconds of that video!
Kim::: Then we haven't seen him since!
Marinette::: Oh, not Adrien! I mean, why would he need to steal a bracelet? If anyone's guilty, it's gotta be one of us.
Nathaniel::: What? Are you accusing us?
Kim::: I want an attorney!
Tom::: Marinette, stop already!
Sabrina::: We should speak to the parents too!
Rogercop:::Where is the mayor?
Sabrina::: Dad?!
Marinette::: So that's her dad?!
Miss Bustier::: Hello, may I help you?
Rogercop::: Where is the mayor?
Miss Bustier::: I think he already left, sir!
Rogercop::: Are you lying?
Miss Bustier::: Yes. I mean, no!
Rogercop::: If no one speaks up, I'll put you all under arrest! Where is your father?
Chloé::: I don't know!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Mr. Principal, I demand that you find who stole my daughter's bracelet ASAP! Or your job is on the line, sir! ...
Marinette::: I was only trying to defend myself! My dad's right. I ended up accusing everyone in the process. Truth is, Tikki, I don't think any of us took it.
Tikki::: I'm sure you'll find a way to make it right!
Marinette::: Yeah, well, right now, we gotta transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Plagg::: I thought it was a Camembert box! Anyone can make a mistake!
Adrien::: You're always thinking with your stomach! Wait... hmm.A bit of pepper...
Plagg:::Ah, ah, Ah-CHOO! 
Adrien::: Gesundheit!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Mr. Bourgeois::: I'm warning you! If you don't find my daughter's bracelet by this evening, I'll cut off all your city funds for the school. Understood?
Mr. Damocles::: But sir, how am I supposed to
Mr. Bourgeois::: Didn't anyone have teached you to knock before entering?
Rogercop::: Justice doesn't need an invitation. Mayor, you're under arrest for abuse of power.
Mr. Bourgeois:::Look who's talking!
Rogercop::: Ladybug. Paris has a new righter of wrong. Your services are no longer required.
Ladybug::: I can't let you go around accusing everyone of any little wrongdoing! 
Chloé::: Mr. Rogercop, I need your help.
Chloé::: Hey! Come back!
Rogercop::: You are disturbing justice, Cat Noir. You are going to pay for this.
Cat Noir::: You can add bodily harm to the charges!
Ladybug::: Listen! You're Sabrina's dad, and a good cop! Don't let the evil person who gave you these powers make an evil cop out of you!
Hawk Moth::: Don't listen to that liar! Take their Miraculouses! Their powers belong to me!
Rogercop::: Justice must prevail in the streets of Paris!
Rogercop::: The Mayor must pay for getting rid of his best police officer!
Chloé::: Mr. Rogercop! I've got a serious problem! Worse than a bad hair day!
Rogercop::: Come with me and we'll talk about it.
Chloé::: Okay!
Cat Noir::: Chloé, no!
Ladybug::: I bet you missed me.
Chloé::: So! I know that Marinette girl is the one who stole my bracelet. She must be arrested!
Computer::: Auto Pilot engaged.
Chloé::: Hello? Are you listening to me?
Cat Noir::: Thanks for the lasso, lassie.
Chloé::: Hey! Where are you going? Who's going to drive this car?
Cat Noir::: Did I ever thank you for the lift?
Cat Noir::: Where'd you get those shoes? I could use a pair like that!
Ladybug::: Grab on to me! 
Cat Noir::: No! Ladybug!What have you done?!
Hawk Moth::: Snatch his Miraculous! His ring!
Cat Noir:::Ugh! Unn, uh... nice day for a swim!Well, hey. I'm head over heels to see you, my lady. 
Ladybug::: You're welcome. You owe me one. 
Cat Noir::: Sure thing. But I'll take the credit for that.
Computer::: Mayor's limousine. Located.
Ladybug::: There's no point running after him anyway. He's way out of our reach now.
Cat Noir::: Well, if it's the mayor he wants...
Ladybug::: He'll be heading straight for the City Hall.
Cat Noir::: Do I sense a plan?
Rogercop::: Let's go!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Call up all available police forces, ASAP! That's an order!
Civilians::: Ahh!
Rogercop::: Bourgeois, I'm taking over. Relinquish your powers.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Never!
Mr. Bourgeois::: These handcuffs won't change my mind.
Rogercop::: Then maybe this will. 
Chloé::: Hey!
Mr. Bourgeois::: Don't you dare put a finger on my little girl!
Rogercop::: So much for your powers! Ha! Ha ha ha ha! Ha!
Mr. Bourgeois:::Paris has a new superpower. His name is Rogercop. I hereby relinquish all authority to Rogercop. All citizens are ordered to answer at him.
Rogercop::: Ladybug and Cat Noir are now outlaws. They must be hunted out and taken into custody immediately.
Officer::: Let's go get 'em!
Cat Noir::: So now, we're the nation's most wanted felons?
Ladybug::: And we haven't done anything!
Cat Noir::: Exactly! You can't accuse someone without proof! We should go and defend ourselves in the Court of Law!
Ladybug::: Not while Rogercop's the Chief of Justice.
Cat Noir:::How many times have we saved Paris?
Ladybug::: We're still saving Paris.
Cat Noir::: Something about Paris just makes you wanna dance.
Rogercop::: You won't be dancing after I'm through with you. Arrest him!
Cat Noir::: Does that mean you won't be joining me? 
Chloé:::Go, Ladybug, go!
Rogercop::: Ladybug, it is time for justice to prevail.
Ladybug::: You got justice and revenge all mixed up, Rogercop! pair of oven mitts appears) Oven mitts? What am I supposed to do with this?
Hawk Moth::: Fabulous... so wretchedly fabulous!
Cat Noir::: Okay, show's over. Sorry, no encore tonight. 
Rogercop:::Get Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Chloé::: Hey! My hair!
Hawk Moth::: Stop shooting like an idiot, Rogercop! You're supposed to seize their Miraculouses!
Ladybug::: The akuma must be in his whistle. We've gotta get to it!
Cat Noir::: How?
Cat Noir::: When you're ready, my lady.
Ladybug::: Okay, I have an idea but I still need something like... a ring.
Ladybug::: Where am I gonna get a ring from?
Cat Noir::: Ladybug, over there!
Ladybug::: That's Chloé's bracelet! Exactly what I need.Fend off Rogercop as long as you can.
Cat Noir::: Whenever you're ready. Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: I gotcha! 
Rogercop::: Noooooo!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Roger::: Uhh... what am I doing up here?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Cat Noir:::As Rogercop would say, Justice has prevailed in the streets of Paris!I'd stick around, but then you'd see me without my mask and... you wouldn't be able to resist me.
Ladybug::: Hehe... I doubt that, but I'll have to take your word for it. 
Hawk Moth::: You may have eluded me this time, Ladybug, but one of these days, I'll be ruling the world! And you and Cat Noir won't be a part of it!
Roger::: I think this belongs to you, miss.
Chloé::: My bag!My bracelet! But... how?
Mr. Bourgeois::: Roger! You found the bracelet?
Roger::: Actually it turns out it was in Chloé's bag all along! Must've fallen into a side pocket when that girl tripped over it.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Well, Roger, I do apologize for being so accusatory, and firing you for no good reason.
Ladybug::: I think Officer Roger has proven his excellence to you, Mr. Mayor. You'd be wrong not to keep him on.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Of course, Ladybug! You're absolutely right. And actually, it's Lieutenant Roger now.
Roger::: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'm proud to be on the force, and I vow to uphold my firm belief that every citizen is innocent until proven guilty.
Mr. Bourgeois::: Very good. A valuable lesson learned. Right, Chloé?
Chloé::: Ugh! Yes, daddy.
Ladybug::: Lesson learned! 
