Marinette's phone::: Check out the hilarious new cat memes featuring Cat Noir. They're purr-fect.
Marinette:::You're so flighty tonight, Tikki. Whatcha got your mind on?
Tikki::: The kwami Nooroo's transmission is…
Marinette:::Hawk Moth's kwami?
Tikki::: Yes. He's celebrating his thirty-five hundredth cycle today… all by himself.
Marinette::: We will free him from Hawk Moth one of these days, I promise.
Tikki::: There may just be a faster solution.
Marinette::: Huh?
Tikki::: Kwamis are able to communicate with their kind on their cycle, or birthday. But we won't get another opportunity for a long time. See? A kwami's cycle lasts several hundreds of human years.
Marinette::: Wow! That's amazing! Then… you could find out where he is. But… how would you do that?
Tikki::: The kwamis must gather in the Miracle Box at a specific time.
Marinette::: When would that be?
Tikki::: Tonight.
Marinette::: Tonight?! Why didn't you tell me about this sooner, Tikki?!
Tikki::: Because Master Fu doesn't want us kwamis to leave our owner's sides. He says we have to be able to take action immediately if someone becomes akumatized.
Marinette::: Hmm… he's right. But surely it's no big deal, I mean… if all the other kwamis are able to meet up, then it's still gonna happen, right?
Tikki::: Well, I'm afraid it might not work if I don't go. The more kwamis that are present, the better chance we have of succeeding!
Marinette::: But, if Master Fu doesn't approve…
Tikki::: Wayzz, Plagg and I have an idea; well, it was mainly Plagg's idea.Plagg and I would go and gather with other kwamis inside the Miracle Box. Wayzz would stand guard and he'd let us know right away if anyone becomes akumatized.What do you think?
Marinette::: That's a great idea! There is no risk if Wayzz is keeping a look out.
Tikki::: Even if we don't tell Master Fu the whole truth?
Marinette::: If it means we're able to save Nooroo and defeat Hawk Moth, Master Fu won't be able to hold it against you.
Tikki::: So you're okay with it? You'll let me go?
Marinette::: Yes, I trust you Tikki.
Tikki::: Oh, thank you, Marinette! You don't have to worry, I won't let you down.Sweet dreams! 
Plagg:::I am exhausted. I'm off to bed.
Adrien::: Uh… good night Plagg!
Nathalie::: Good night, sir. 
Gabriel::: Where do you think you're going, Nooroo?
Nooroo::: I just wanted to go out… just for a little while.
Gabriel::: No, you know the rules. You're not allowed to be more than a few feet away from me and no communicating with anyone besides me. There are no exceptions. 
Nooroo::: But, Master, it's my birthday today. I thought—
Gabriel::: You obviously haven't grasped the rules, Nooroo. We're going to have to make them even simpler. From now on you won't be able to communicate. At all.
Nooroo::: But, Master— 
Gabriel::: Huh, it was a joke, Nooroo. I'm not that cruel. 
Nooroo:::Thank you, Master.
Gabriel:::Change of plans, Nooroo.
Hawk Moth::: I feel an emotion of great intensity. So pure…Fly away my little Akuma and evilize him!
Plagg::: Hey, Sugarcube!
Tikki::: Ugh. I've already told not to call me that. Do you ever hear me calling you Stinky Sock?
Plagg::: No, but you should! That would be delightful, Sugarcube!So, what lies did you tell your owner in order to sneak out tonight?
Tikki::: Actually, I just told her the honest truth.
Plagg::: Oh? Maybe I should try that someday; see what it's like. 
Tikki::: Plagg! You should've saved some for the others.
Plagg::: True, but I was so grossed out by your kindness that it made me really hungry.
Tikki:::I hope we can get in contact with Nooroo…
Plagg::: So do I. 
Tikki::: Are you crying?
Plagg:::Who me? O-of course not! Are you kidding? Come on, let's race! The last one there won't get any cheese!
Plagg::: Hey Wayzz! How's it goin'?
Wayzz::: Sssshhh! You'll wake up Master!Psst, come on.If you manage to contact Nooroo, wish him a happy thirty-five hundred cycles for me.
Tikki::: We sure will, Wayzz!
Plagg::: Hi, everybody. We're here!
Ziggy:::Plagg! Tikki! You came!
All::: 
Ziggy::: Oh, with you here, we'll manage to get in touch with Nooroo for sure! 
Pollen::: Good day to you, noble kwamis of creation and destruction.
Daizzi::: Oh! What did you bring?! What did you bring?!
Plagg::: Brothers and sisters living within the walls of the Miracle Box, on this special day, I brought you some delicious cheese.
Daizzi::: Oh, I love cheese.
Ziggy::: Wow, that's so nice.
Plagg::: Unfortunately, I had to sacrifice it on the way here, to feed a poor, starving kitten.
Ziggy::: Oh, that's just so cute.
Daizzi::: What about you, Tikki?
Tikki::: From my owner's home, I bring you this.
Daizzi::: Yeah! Oh, what a jewel, what a jewel!
??? kwami::: It's beautiful!
Roaar::: Wait, wait! I think I've got it. It's a paintbrush!
Barkk::: Oh, so shiny!
Xuppu::: Let the party begin!
All::: Oh, yeah! Whoohoo! Yeah! 
Sass::: It is a good thing you are here. Your owners were wise to give you permission to come.
Tikki::: Yes, Sass. Marin— 
Sass::: Your owner?
Plagg::: Hahaha, you forgot about the magic spell! We can't say our owner's names to each other, remember?
Tikki::: Yes. My owner is the best Ladybug I've ever served.
Sass::: We are also very lucky that the guardian of the Miracle Box agreed to it too.
Plagg::: Well… shall we dance, Tikki? We have to properly celebrate our friend Nooroo after all. 
Marinette:::Adrien… A house… three kids and a cat. Nah, forget the cat; a hamster.
Nightmare Adrien:::Marinette…
Marinette:::What? What's going on?Tikki? Are you back already? 
Nightmare Adrien::: Marinette. Do you wanna know my secret?
Marinette:::Adrien?
Nightmare Adrien::: I'm in love with a girl and her name is Chloé!
Marinette::: What kind of a nightmare is this? 
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in!Now nightmares can begin! 
Marinette::: He must be bringing nightmares to life.
Nightmare Adrien::: One day, Chloé and I will have a house togetherand we'll have a hamster named Marinette.
Marinette:::Ssh!
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in!Now nightmares can begin! 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Oh, no! I forgot! It's… I've gotta find Tikki!
Nightmare Adrien::: Marinette. The prettiest and smartest one of all is Chloé!
Tom:::The little grain of wheat goes to bed and wakes up as some lovely bread.Hmm?
Dough::: Yummy! I've always dreamed of gobbling up a baker!
Tom::: Ahhh! What kind of nightmare is this?
Adrien::: What's going on?! Plagg! Wake up!Plagg! No! Who turned you into a sock?
Sass::: My friends, the time has come.Fellow kwamis, tonight, as you know, we have a special opportunity to create a connection with Nooroo. But we must put our voices together in order to achieve this. Kwamis, sing!
All::: 
Roger::: Stop! In the name of the law. 
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in!Now nightmares can begin! 
Nightmare Adrien::: Marinette. I'm in love with Chloé!
Adrien::: Nathalie! Father! Can anybody hear me?!
Tikki:::We won't make it, Sass.
Sass::: We are missing a few kwamis. We need the peafowl. We've not heard from her in such a long time, now!
Plagg::: What if we brought Wayzz in?
Sass::: We won't have another opportunity to contact Nooroo until his next birthday. Go get him!
Wayzz:::Mm-mm. I have to stand guard.
Plagg::: But this could be our only chance of finding Nooroo… and Hawk Moth!
Wayzz:::Okay! Let's go!
Marinette:::The code… What's the code?Tikki! Can you hear me? Tikki?!
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in!Now nightmares can begin! 
Marinette::: Master, Master, wake up! 
Master Fu::: Huh… Marinette?!Wha… what-a…
Marinette::: Quick, Master.Don't stay here.
Ghosts of The Guardians::: Fu! We are the ghosts of The Order of The Guardians of The Miraculous. You caused our downfall and lost two Miraculous!
Master Fu::: It was not my fault. I did not do it on purpose.
Ghosts of The Guardians::: Yes, it was your fault. Your fault. Your fault. Your fault.
Master Fu::: Marinette, transform!
Marinette::: I can't, Master. Tikki is inside the Miracle Box!
Nightmare Adrien:::I'm in love with a girl and her name is Chloé!
Master Fu::: This is disastrous, Marinette. There's no way of communicating with the kwamis when they are in their magic world. 
Adrien::: Help me! Father!
Hawk Moth::: SandBoy is turning Paris into one huge nightmare… and yet there's no sign of Ladybug or Cat Noir. What is going on?!
Kwamis::: Nooroo! Nooroo! Nooroo! Nooroo! Nooroo!
Hawk Moth::: Argh! What is that?!
Tikki::: That's not Nooroo!
Plagg::: It's Hawk Moth! 
Stompp::: Keep singing! We must try to find out where he's hiding!
Hawk Moth::: A-ha! It's me who's going to find you, little kwamis! And I will make you my slaves, just like Nooroo!
Fluff::: His will is so powerful!
Barkk::: We must cut off all communication! Hawk Moth is trying to track us down!
Wayzz::: Hey, wait. The reason we can't speak to Nooroo is because he's powering Hawk Moth right now. Which means Hawk Moth's probably akumatized someone!
Ziggy::: And since Plagg and Tikki are here with us…
Kaalki::: Ladybug and Cat Noir aren't able to transform.Go and find your owners right away! 
Hawk Moth:::They're making a serious mistake. I just felt the kwamis somewhere on the right bank of the Seine. Find them! Capture them!
SandBoy::: Yes, Hawk Moth.
Nightmare Adrien::: Marinette, for your birthday, I'm going to buy you flowers—
Tikki::: Hey! Isn't that your owner?
Plagg::: Of course not! Flowers? Pwah!No way! The real one talks nonsense but it's never this bad.
Nightmare Adrien::: —hortensias, roses and Chloés. 
Plagg::: I'd better go find him. I just hope he's not living a nightmare without me around. Ooh— 
Tikki:::Marinette, it didn't work!
Wayzz::: I'm sorry, Master, we should've warned you.
Master Fu::: We'll talk about it later, Wayzz!
Marinette::: Right now, we have to end this nightmare!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
SandBoy::: Kwami in sight.
Hawk Moth:::That's Cat Noir's kwami. Capture it or follow it all the way to its owner. 
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in. Now nightmares can begin! 
Plagg:::I already know what my nightmare is; and you'll never get me to eat dairy-free cheese.
Plagg:::I'm your worst nightmare. 
Hawk Moth:::Argh! You failed. Ladybug and Cat Noir will be here soon! You must get me their Miraculous!
Plagg::: Adrien! Are you okay?
Adrien::: Plagg! I'm so relieved you're not a sock, but you better have a good excuse.
Plagg::: Good to see you've managed to survive your nightmare.
Adrien::: Quick! Plagg, claws out!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!No time for daydreaming.
Cat Noir::: What is this mess?M'Lady! Tonight's been a total nightmare… until you showed up. 
Ladybug:::This is no time for lullabies. We've got to stay focused!Look! His cloud is shaped like a pillow! I'll bet you anything that's where his akuma is.
Cat Noir::: Awesome! Then time for a pillow fight!
SandBoy::: You won't be able to fight your worst nightmare for long. 
Ladybug::: He's moving around too much!
Cat Noir::: And his evil sand is blowing everywhere.
Ladybug::: no Lucky Charm-item appears) Oh, no!
SandBoy::: Who's about to get a pretty magic jewel? 
Cat Noir::: Ladybug!
Ladybug::: What's happening? Aaah! 
Hawk Moth:::Good job, SandBoy. Without her powers, she won't be able to stop you from taking her Miraculous. Ladybug, your nightmare is my dream come true!
SandBoy::: The Sandboy just checked in! Now nightmares can begin! 
Cat Noir::: Stay behind me, M'Lady.
Ladybug:::You still have your powers.
Cat Noir::: Losing mine is not what I'm afraid of.
Ladybug::: Then… what?
Nightmare Ladybug:::Cat Noir! 
Ladybug::: Huh?
Nightmare Ladybug::: Bad kitty! I'll never love you! I've always wanted to get rid of you!
Ladybug::: You have weird dreams too.
Cat Noir::: My bad.
Nightmare Ladybug::: I am gonna destroy you. Lucky Charm! 
Cat Noir::: Oops. Sorry, M'Lady. Stay behind me, I'll protect you.
Nightmare Ladybug:::Stay still, you mangy cat!Here, kitty, kitty, kitty. Come on!
Cat Noir::: We need to figure out a plan. Fast!
SandBoy::: Stay! Still! Give me your Miraculous, Ladybug! 
Nightmare Ladybug::: So, you want to play hide and seek, kitty?Come on, kitty! 
Cat Noir::: Watch out, Ladybug!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug! I'm about to transform back. Any ideas?
Ladybug::: Looking!Quick! We've got to lure her over here. 
Cat Noir:::You don't scare me! You're just a stupid dream.
Nightmare Ladybug::: You'll be kitty-kibble before you know it! 
Ladybug::: Now!
Ladybug::: Follow me!
Cat Noir::: Anywhere, M'Lady. 
SandBoy::: Give me your Mirac—Aaah!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, now! 
SandBoy::: Whoa! Whoa! Aaah!
Hawk Moth:::Nooo!!!
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug! 
Nightmare Adrien:::Marinette! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it! 
Ladybug:::It works again. No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly.Wow, what was that all about, little friend?
Boy::: Oh, Ladybug. I watched a movie on TV. It was kinda scary. And then I went to bed and had a really bad nightmare. I woke up and there was a black butterfly in my room a-and a weird man spoke right in my face.
Ladybug::: Hawk Moth. He fed of the negative emotion from a nightmare.
Cat Noir::: That's what happens when you let kids watch anything they want on TV. Oh…Can I leave you to take this young man back to his parents?
Ladybug::: No problem. Right, big Boy?
Boy:::Yay! Awesome, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir? You don't really think I'm as evil as your nightmare, do you?
Cat Noir::: 'Course I don't. You're the lady of my dreams. 
Master Fu::: Hmm.
Wayzz::: It's all my fault, Master.
Marinette::: No, it's mine.
Tikki::: No, Marinette, it's my fault.
Plagg::: Yeah. That's true. It's their faults.
Master Fu::: Hmm.
Tikki:::You trusted me and I failed. I'm sorry I disappointed you.
Marinette::: Aw, of course not, Tikki. I know you mean it well. I will always trust you, you know? 
Tikki::: Thank you, Marinette. 
Master Fu::: Next time, come and talk to me.
Plagg:::Hmpf…Thank you Adrien!
Adrien::: Plagg! Something wrong?
Plagg::: No… Just… Thanks for letting me do whatever I want. Almost all the time.
Adrien::: I know what it's like to have your freedom restricted, Plagg. You don't need to pretend to be a sock.
Plagg:::You're the best Cat Noir I've ever had, Adrien!But, let's not get too cheesy about it now, huh? 
Gabriel::: I hope you liked your friends' birthday gift, Nooroo. Now I know that they're close and that there are many of them. If I manage to find them, I'll take their Miraculous. Then I'll have unlimited powers at my disposal. If I have to fight a whole army of superheroes, I'll do it. Whatever it takes, Nooroo. And Ladybug and Cat Noir won't be able to stop me ever again.
