Tom & Sabine:::Merry Christmas to all! 
Marinette:::Mom and Dad, I'll help you in the bakery. To hand the Christmas logs to all my friends you see. Merry Christmas Alya and your family! 
Alya:::Thanks my BFF, the same to you three! 
Marinette:::Alix and her dad, Merry Christmas to you! 
Alim Kubdel:::Tom, Sabine, Marinette Happy Holidays too. 
Marinette:::Rose and Juleka, gifts for you, you bet! 
Rose:::Merry Christmas to you! 
Juleka:::Merry Christmas Marinette. 
Marinette::: Manon,Merry Christmas, and Nadja! Merry Christmas, Ninoand Sabrina!Merry Christmas, Chl-
Chloé::: Do you want a photo?
Sabine::: Marinette, it's Christmas!
Marinette:::Merry Christmas, Chloé. 
Chloé::: Could you repeat that? I couldn't hear you.
Marinette:::MERRY CHRISTMAS CHLOÉ! 
André::: Chloé, it's Christmas.
Chloé:::MERRY CHRISTMAS MARINETTE!But I hate your guts, don't you forget!
Tom, Sabine, Marinette & André:::Merry Christmas to all! 
Marinette::: Adrien's bodyguard. The present! I'll be right back! 
Marinette::: I don't believe this! Where's the gift? Where did I put it? I'm so lame!
Tikki::: It's right here, Marinette. See?
Marinette:::Ah! Thanks, Tikki.
Marinette::: Huh? 
Marinette::: Excuse me? Wait! If you don't mind, this is.. this is for Adrien.
Marinette::: Can you wish him a Merry Christmas from me, that is.. I mean it could be from you too, in fact Merry Christmas to you from.. um, ah.. me, of course.. ahI hope Adrien has a good Christmas. 
Adrien::: Check it out, Nathalie. Do you think he will like all the decorations?
Adrien::: He should be down here already. Did you call him?
Nathalie::: Perhaps we should give him... a few more minutes.
Adrien::: What's the point? He's not coming.Thank you.Merry Christmas both of you.
Gabriel::: Yes?
Nathalie::: I can imagine how difficult it must be for you, sir. But it's also Adrien's first Christmas without his mother. I really think, sir...
Gabriel::: I know, you're right. I'll go see him. I just need a little more time.
Nathalie::: Of course. 
Adrien:::He's still only thinking of himself! I just want this terrible day to be over and done with! I hate Christmas! 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Cat Noir:::It's Christmas in Paris, all is cheery and bright! But I'm all alone tonight.Families are together, with their gifts by their side. Only Cat Noir's alone tonight.There's no warmth for me, no tenderness for me. I'm alone like a cat in the night! I'm a sad lonely kitty! won't anyone take pity? Cat Noir is alone tonight! Cat Noir is alone tonight! 
Cat Noir:::No cares about me, if I'm lost or I'm found and I'm just a cat in the night! I'll take your symbol of joy and burn it to the ground. I'm the vengeful cat of the night! I'm the vengeful cat of the night! Ca-ta-cly-sm!I can't do it! I can't do it!I'm cold and alone, I don't want to be in pain. All that anger was all in vain. I need to go back home to try and find a way. Tomorrow will be a brand new day.Let's go home now. Plagg, claws out. 
Adrien::: Plagg? Plagg!?
Plagg:::I wish that I can help you, to assist with your transformation. But I can't Adrien, don't you see? I'm tired and distress, I got nothing to digest, I'm weak and I'm running on empty. 
Adrien::: Plagg? Plagg, what have I done? Wait, I'll help you!Merry Christmas. Signed Marinette. She's so awesome! We're going to fix you right up, Plagg!Do you hear that? It's Christmas!Merry Christmas, Plagg.
Plagg::: Merry Christmas, Adrien.
Gabriel::: Adrien. Adrien?Adrien!!Go and find him immediately! Immediately!
Nathalie::: Hello? Yes, Merry Christmas.
Nino::: No Ma'am, he's not at my house.
Alya::: Adrien? Isn't he at home?
Kim::: He's been kidnapped? No joke.
Roger::: Don't worry, Sabrina. We'll find your friend wherever he is.
Sabine::: Kidnapped? I'm sure there's another explanation.
Tom::: Let's take a look around the neighborhood, just in case. The presents can wait. You wanna come, Marinette?
Marinette::: I'm not feeling so great, I'll just wait here at home and if I hear anything, I'll call you right away. 'kay? Quick, we've gotta find Adrien.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on!
Adrien::: Don't worry, Plagg, I'll find you something to eat. I can't promise it'll be Camembert.
Santa Claus::: Ho, ho, ho! No need to grab now, children. Good old Santa Claus has a gift for everyone.
Girl::: These gifts are so lame, and I bet this is totally fake!
Santa Claus::: Hey! Easy on the beard!
Boy::: Yeah! Totally. No way you're the real Santa Claus!
Adrien::: Hey! What's wrong with you? Even if he's not the real one, what would Santa Claus think of your behavior?
Man::: The young man's absolutely right. Kids, say sorry right now.
Kids::: Sorry, Santa Claus.
Santa Claus::: It's no big deal, children. Merry Christmas anyway.
Man::: Same to you.
Adrien::: I'm sorry, Sir, are you okay?
Santa Claus::: Fine. Don't worry, I'm a tough old Santa. But, what are you doing out at this time of night? Are you lost? You're not exactly dressed for the cold weather. Maybe you'd like some hot chocolate, I've got some left.
Adrien::: Yeah, I'd love some, Sir, doesn't get much better than that.
Plagg::: Ahem!
Adrien::: Except maybe a slice of Camembert?
Santa Claus::: Oh you're in luck! I've still got some sandwich leftover. This is some of the smelliest cheese I've ever come across.
Adrien::: Hmm, that smells… perfect.
Santa Claus:::To each it's own. So you're not lost then, I hope.
Adrien::: It's my first Christmas without my mom, sir. And my father…
Santa Claus::: Doesn't know how to move on? I understand. But your dad must be wondering where you are, you know. He must be very worried about you. Now that you've gotten out of the house and cleared your thoughts a bit, don't you think it'd be a good idea to go home?
Adrien::: Yeah, you're right.
Santa Claus::: Atta Boy, that's what Christmas is all about. Families together. I'll take you there on my sleigh .
Adrien::: C'mon, Plagg. Alright, but you put this on.
Santa Claus::: Hmm?
Adrien::: The friend who gave it to me would want you to have it.
Santa Claus::: A present, for me?
Adrien::: Everyone deserves a Christmas present.
Santa Claus::: Thanks a lot, son.
Ladybug:::There is only one thing this kind of damage can bring, Cat Noir's Cataclysm, am I right? And look this gift wrap too, it's an important clue, it's from my present to Adrien tonight. Adrien disappears, and Cat Noir steps in, he must be working to protect him. My only explanation, my speculation, is that some supervillain is after Adrien. It's a good thing I'm here, I'll protect him without fear, this Boy that I secretly love. Now with all of my might, I'll save you tonight, you're the boy that I secretly love. If you'll never know it's true, I'll be there for you, you're the boy that I secretly love. But what would you do if you knew what's true, that's why I so secretly love you. 
Ladybug::: Who could possibly been akumatized on Christmas Eve? Footsteps.
Adrien::: How about you, sir? Where will you be celebrating Christmas?
Santa Claus::: Me? I have all of Paris. The whole world even! Ho, ho, ho!
Adrien::: All by yourself, huh? Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Take me back home and have Christmas with us! I need you to bring the Christmas spirit back into our home.
Santa Claus::: All right then. But I can't stay for too long, you do know that Santa's very busy at Christmas time.
Adrien::: Thank you!
Gabriel::: Adrien, is that you? Who are you?
Santa Claus::: Isn't it obvious? I'm Santa Claus!
Gabriel::: Really now? That would make me the Easter Bunny. You're here for money, I suppose? I'll get my bodyguard to deal with you.
Adrien::: No, you're wrong, father!
Ladybug:::No, he's not. Your father's got the right idea. He's a supervillain under Hawk Moth's control.
Adrien::: What?
Santa Claus::: You're all totally crazy!
Adrien::: What? No, Ladybug stop! That man hasn't been akumatized!
Ladybug::: I know when I'm looking at an akuma victim, trust me.
Santa Claus::: C'mon! 
Ladybug::: You're safe now. Go on home.
Adrien::: No wait! Plagg
Nathalie::: Adrien.
Santa Claus::: C'mon ponies, giddy up!Hey! Are you out of your mind?
Santa Claus::: This hurts really bad!
Hawk Moth::: Ahh. Without even knowing it, you're giving me the best Christmas gift ever, Ladybug. An innocent man wrongly accused, and the spirit of Christmas is broken!Fly away, my little akuma. You have all that you need to evilize this Santa Claus.
Nathalie::: Where are you going, Adrien?
Adrien:::To my room, of course, since my father isn't celebrating Christmas.
Nathalie::: Of course he is Adrien. Your father came to see earlier, but you'd gone out. I'll tell him that you're waiting for him. Just making sure you'll stay in your room this time.
Adrien::: Yeah, okay.
Ladybug::: You… So you're not a supervillain?
Santa Claus::: Of course I'm not! I think you've been reading too many comic books, young lady.
Ladybug::: I'm so sorry, um, let me help you-
Santa Claus::: No thank you! I think you've helped me enough. 
Santa Claus::: Nobody around here respects the spirit of Christmas anymore. 
Hawk Moth::: Well, I believe in you. Santa Claus Claws, I am Hawk Moth. They wrongly accused you of being a supervillain, so that's what you'll get to be from now on. In exchange, since I've been good enough all year round, I'm going to ask you for two gifts. Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Santa Claus::: I shall deliver. Merry Christmas, Hawk Moth!
Santa Claus Claws::: Ladybug!You think you can get away with making fun of me? You think you can get away with accusing me? I am Santa Claws! I'm a rebel with a cause! I'll punish and give you a fright! Have a horrible Christmas night.
Adrien::: Santa Claus Claws?
Santa Claus Claws::: Not exactly!I am Santa Claws! I'm a rebel with a cause! I'll punish and give you a fright! Have a horrible Christmas night.I'll do you no harm, Adrien. I'm in your debt!
Adrien::: No, wait!
Santa Claus Claws::: This will be the Christmas of revenge!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
André::: Santa Claus has come this year, my sweet Chloé!
Chloé::: Aaah!
Santa Claus Claws::: Horrible Christmas, everyone!I am Santa Claws! I'm a rebelwith a cause! I'll punish and give you a fright! Have a horrible Christmas night.Horrible Christmas, everyone!
Ladybug::: It's just the two of us, Santa Claus Claws!
Cat Noir::: The three of us, m'Lady.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir? Where were you? What happened to Adrien?
Cat Noir::: It's a-, long story. Cats have their little secrets too, y'know?Who's going to deliver presents to the children now, Santa Claus Claws?
Santa Claus Claws::: There are no more presents, no more spirit of Christmas! You should've been good. 
Cat Noir:::I've been good all year round!
Ladybug::: Not enough, apparently.Hang on! 
Santa Claus Claws::: How 'bout a nice sleigh ride, my little, wretched elves! Ho, ho, ho, ho! Hold on!
Cat Noir::: Don't you have to have a license to drive one of these things?
Santa Claus Claws::: It's time to open your gifts, kiddies!
Ladybug::: I'm gonna try to stop the sleigh. You deal with Santa Claus Claws!Woah, slow down! 
Santa Claus Claws::: Thank you. 
Cat Noir::: Woah, Ladybug!
Ladybug::: Not again! 
Alya::: Ladybug? Cat Noir? Now that's a Christmas scoop! Anything you'd like to say for the Ladyblog?
Ladybug::: Uh, it's not at all what it looks like.No, wait. This isn't gonna work. box)
Cat Noir::: I hope it's not trying to tell us to move to another city.
Ladybug::: I need packing tape, scissors and office supplies. Do you guys have those things here?
Alya::: In there.
Marlena::: Right here.
Etta & Ella::: And here!
Ladybug::: My Christmas list. Go to the Dupain-Cheng's bakery and grab these items. Then meet me back at the Eiffel Tower, I'll explain everything once we're there.
Cat Noir::: I've always dreamed of being your Santa Claus, M'Lady.
Ladybug::: Don't worry, Christmas will be back to normal soon enough.
Alya::: Go get 'em. Lady-Claus.
Santa Claus Claws::: It's me.
Cat Noir:::Santa Claus, you're the winner. We stand down and surrender. We fear you have defeated us, so we give you our Miraculous. But beforehand, here is a gift for you. 'Cause on Christmas Eve, even you have a right to that too. 
Santa Claus Claws::: A present? For me?
Hawk Moth::: Don't listen to him, it has to be a trap!
Cat Noir:::Rebel with the cause, you give us so much fright. We all have the right to a present on Christmas night.
Ladybug::: Merry Christmas! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!Merry Christmas, milady.
Ladybug::: Thanks, kitty. No more evil doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize! Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug & Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug, Cat Noir. Go ahead and enjoy your Christmas this time, but we'll see who gets the best presents next Christmas.
Gabriel:::Adrien. You understand I can't have you disappearing like that. I couldn't bare the thought of losing you. 
Nathalie::: I think it's for you.I informed everyone that Adrien was home, safe and sound, sir. They were all worried about their friend.
Adrien::: Oh please, father. It's Christmas!
Gabriel::: Of course. Come on in.
Nino::: Aww, brother!
Nathalie:::Merry Christmas, Adrien. 
All::: Merry Christmas to all!
Adrien:::Merry Christmas, mom.
