Marinette::: Yes, Mrs. Césaire. The girls are ready for bed! Uh... technically speaking...Yeah, we're good. Enjoy the movie! 
Alya::: Come on, bedtime, you little monsters! That's enough mischief for one day! 
Ella and Etta::: It's not us! It's the Sapotis! 
Alya::: Off to bed, little Sapotis. You need to rest if you wanna be fighting fit for tomorrow.
Etta::: It's not fair! We don't wanna go to bed! We wanna stay up with you!
Ella::: Yeah! We wanna watch the movie and tell each other lots of secrets!
Alya::: And what kind of zombies will you be at the amusement park tomorrow if you go to bed late? Show 'em, Marinette!
Alya::: So what's it gonna be? Boring sit-down pajama party with the big kids, or... the super fun cool amusement park tomorrow?
Ella and Etta::: The amusement park! 
Alya::: That's what I thought. So, goodnight, Sapotis. 
Ella::: Wait! Can we keep 'em on? Please?
Alya::: All right. But go to sleep now. 
Marinette:::You seriously have a technique down with your little sisters. But... uh, who are the Sapa... Sapo...?
Alya::: The Sapotis? They're little monsters from a créole fable... who are always pulling pranks and making all sorts of mischief.Now that we're all alone I can finally tell you.Apparently Ladybug has been around at least since the pharaohs. But no way can the Ladybug we know can be five thousand years old! So, I downloaded a great app that analyzed some recordings I had of her talking. Based on the frequencies of her voice, it turns out she's a girl our age!
Marinette::: Euhh..Uh...Alya? The orange juice?
Alya::: 
Ella and Etta::: It's not us! It's the Sapotis!
Alya::: What were we saying again?
Marinette:::Uhh...We were about to watch a movie! 
Alya::: Oh, yeah! Ladybug! She's like a high school girl. So to figure out who she really is, all we need to do is to find a girl our age who's always late—
Marinette:::Don't you think there's a reason why she keeps her identity a secret?
Alya:::All right, that's enough! Get out of bed one more time, and no one'll be going to the amusement park tomorrow!
Ella and Etta:::It's not us! It's the Sa—
Alya::: This is your last warning! No! Joke!
Alya::: What were you saying about her secret identity?
Marinette::: Ladybug needs it to protect her family and friends. Otherwise the villains could use them to get to her.
Ella and Etta::: It's not us! It's the—!
Alya::: That's it! 
Ella and Etta::: Come on, Alya! We won't do it again!
Alya::: Yeah? Well, it's too late!We'll all go to the park when you can behave, some other day! Now go to sleep!
Hawk Moth::: I don't want another peep out of you!, Wash your hands!, Clean your room!. Kids should be able to do whatever they want to do, however they want to do it.Fly, my little evil one and akumatize them! 
Alya::: Well, if I knew who Ladybug really was, I'd keep it a secret. I would even help her! Like say, if you were Ladybug, I'd cover for you — when you needed to transform in school, go fight the baddies, you know?
Marinette::: Oh yeah? Well, if I was Ladybug I wouldn't even tell you, to protect you from the baddies, you know?
Alya::: You serious? If I was Ladybug, I'd totally tell you! Because I tell my best friend everything.
Marinette::: You're right, Alya. You should always tell your best friend everything. So come on. Spill the beans. Are you actually Ladybug?
Alya::: Right. Like I'm telling you. Nuh-uh. 
Etta::: It's mine!
Ella::: No, this one's mine!
Etta::: No, it's mine!
Hawk Moth:::Sapotis, I am Hawk Moth. Your big sister's telling you what to do? Well, I'll let you be asmischievousas you want!
Ella and Etta::: 'And do whatever we want? Like, stay up all night! And go to the movies? And eat lots of desserts? And drink orange juice?! And still go to the amusement park?!
Hawk Moth::: Yes, yes, but calm down! From now on, no one will ever be able to punish you, because it will always be another Sapoti's fault. All you have to do is to take Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous, and give them to your good friend, Hawk Moth. Okay?
Ella and Etta::: Okay! 
Alya::: That's it! I've totally had it with these kids!Don't even try to blame this on the—Sapotis?
Marinette::: Maybe you were a little too strict with them.
Alya::: Normally when you're firm with kids they don't turn into monsters!
Marinette::: They're multiplying after they eat!AAH!
Sapoti:::Window!
Alya::: Marinette, the window! We can't let them out!
Alya::: Marinette, take care of these two! We've gotta bring them back!
Marinette::: Time to transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Penny::: To the airport.
Sapoti:::Rock n' roll!
Penny::: Hey, what's going on? 
Sapotis::: Left and right! Right!
Sapoti::: Whoa!
Théo::: On your left, La Académie des Beaux-Arts. And on your right, the Louvre museum.
Sapoti driver::: On the right...
Sapoti pedaler::: La, la, la, la. 
Sapoti rider::: Wow!
Sapoti:::TRAFFIC!
Nadja:::These miniature monsters seem to be attacking more and more people throughout Paris!And... Oh!
Adrien::: I think we better take care of this, Plagg. Plagg?
Plagg:::These food thieves are real dangers!What are you waiting for?!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: It's forbidden...
Cat Noir::: ...to play around with traffic lights!
Ladybug::: You're just in time, kitty!
Sapoti::: MINE!
Cat Noir::: How'd you know to destroy the monster's hat?
Ladybug::: I...uh... Trial and error.
Cat Noir::: But no akuma's been released!
Ladybug::: No, 'cause that monster was a clone!These Sapotis multiply every time they eat. To get to the akuma, we'll have to destroy the original one — the very first one Hawk Moth akumatized.
Cat Noir::: So you mean we'vegotta catch 'em all. 
Ladybug::: Come on! I thought you liked a good challenge!
Cat Noir::: Hey, don't eat that ice cream or things'll get catastrophic!
Hawk Moth:::Seize their Miraculous!
Cat Noir::: We won't be able to destroy all their hats! There's too many of them!
Sapotis::: Miraculous!
Ladybug::: teapot appears.)
Cat Noir::: A teapot?
Ladybug::: It's strangely familiar.
Ladybug::: It's weird. I can't find anything!
Cat Noir::: Hurry up! My kung-fu's not enough!
Ladybug:::Of course! I know someone who can help! Gotta go! 
Cat Noir::: Right now? Can't it wait?
Ladybug::: No, it can't. You've gotta trust me on this one.
Sapotis::: Miraculous!
Cat Noir:::Go on, M'Lady!
Master Fu:::Mmm. It's open.
Marinette:::Hello, Master Fu.
Master Fu::: Hello, Marinette.
Wayzz:::Marinette? But you're not supposed to come to Master Fu's place!
Master Fu::: Let her talk, Wayzz.
Marinette::: Master, I used my Lucky Charm, but strangely, I think it was a hint which was telling me to come here in a way.
Master Fu::: I see.
Wayzz::: Hmm?
Master Fu::: Marinette, I taught you all about the Miraculous and their powers. You know that yours works in a very mysterious way. I think it's trying to tell us that you need help this time.I don't know if it's safe. I already took an enormous risk by putting two Miraculous into circulation.
Marinette::: And you were right to do it. Cat Noir and I are very careful.
Master Fu::: Hmmm.Marinette, pick an ally you can trust to fight alongside you in this mission.
Marinette::: Wow!
Master Fu::: Choose wisely. Such powers are meant to serve the greater good. They must never get into the wrong hands.
Marinette::: Like Hawk Moth's.
Master Fu::: Yes. Once the mission is over, you must retrieve the Miraculous from them and bring it back to me. Until we've unlocked all the secrets of the spellbook, it's too dangerous to allow any more Miraculous to be out in the open for very long.
Marinette::: Mmm.
Master Fu::: Is there anyone you can think of, Marinette?
Marinette::: Yes, Master. I know just the right person!
Master Fu:::Mmm.
Alya::: Listen! We can renegotiate the amusement park idea if you want, 'kay? But first, I need you to chill out and come back home with me.
Alya::: Ladybug! My sisters have been akumatized! I need to find them and bring them back home!
Ladybug::: There's a way for you to find your sisters. But we're gonna need your help! You interested?
Alya:::Me? Help you superheroes? You bet I am! Just wait till I tell Marinette about this! 
Ladybug:::Hold on now. This has to be a secret. Not a word to your friends or on the Ladyblog.
Alya::: Oh, right.Understood.
Ladybug:::Alya Césaire, here is the Miraculous of the fox, which grants the power of illusion. You will use it for the greater good.Once the job is done, you will return the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you?
Alya::: Totally, Ladybug.
Alya::: Wha? What is that thing?
Trixx::: I am not a thing. My name is Trixx, and I'm your kwami!
Alya::: My kwami? I know! You're what gives superheroes their superpowers, right?
Trixx:::Not bad.
Ladybug::: She's an expert.
Alya::: Mind blown!By the way, how old are you? Do you have any idea of Cat Noir's true identity? There's no way—
Ladybug::: Stay focused, Alya.
Alya::: Sorry, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Ready to become a superhero?
Trixx::: You just need to say one thing: Trixx, let's pounce!
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce!
Rena Rouge::: This is so awesome! But I look like Lila when she was akumatized in this suit.
Ladybug::: Yes, but the superhero version! Come on, I'll explain the rest to you on the way!
Rena Rouge::: Wow! This is so cool!
Ladybug::: Mission first!
Cat Noir::: Huh?What's taking so long, Ladybug?
Hawk Moth:::There, my Sapotis! Take his Miraculous from him!
Rena Rouge::: This is so insane! I've got powers and I'm fighting super-villains!
Cat Noir::: Whoa! Who's this superhero friend of yours? No offense, but I thought I was the only one!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, I like to meet...uh...
Rena Rouge::: Uh... Rena Rouge! Yeah, my name is Rena Rouge!
Cat Noir::: Well, sneaky fox, think you'll be as sneaky as a cat?
Ladybug::: Um...
Rena Rouge::: I don't know. Should we take bets? 
Cat Noir::: Your friend seems pretty good.
Ladybug::: I surround myself with only the best!
Cat Noir:::Welcome to our team! If you need any cool superhero tips, you know where to come! 
Rena Rouge:::Really? You're gonna give me Ladybug's phone number? 
Cat Noir::: I have a feeling working with you is gonna be a lot of fun!
Hawk Moth:::A new hero. So I was right! There are indeed other Miraculous in the city! Sapotis, listen to me! Three superheroes are nothing against you! There are still enough of you to destroy everything! So band together and take their Miraculous, or I'll remove your powers and there'll be no more mischief!
Rena Rouge::: We're surrounded!
Ladybug::: We're retreating!
Cat Noir::: There must be thousands of them!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm! 
Cat Noir::: A unicycle?
Sapoti::: Miraculous!
Cat Noir::: Whenever you're ready, M'Lady! 
Sapotis:::Hello! 
Sapoti:::Traffic!
Rena Rouge::: Rakes? Unicycle wheel? Traffic cone? Tape? Trash can! Do you always make it this complicated when you're saving Paris?
Ladybug::: Trust me, Rena Rouge.Here we go!
Sapotis::: Cheese!
Ladybug:::Hear ye, hear ye! Sapoti-Land, the amusement park of the future, is about to open! Mischief of all types are permitted in Sapoti-land! All-you-can-eat desserts! Fountains of orange juice! Big-kid movies and video games!
Cat Noir::: All right, Rena Rouge! Time to use your power!
Rena Rouge:::I've never tried it. I hope it works.
Cat Noir::: Just think of the illusion you want to create. Stay focused!
Rena Rouge:::Mirage! 
Rena Rouge::: Awesome!My necklace is flashing. Um, that means I'm gonna change back soon, right?
Cat Noir::: Yeah. But it's okay if I see who you are. I can keep a secret.
Rena Rouge::: Naughty kitty! You know very well that our identities must remain secret.
Cat Noir::: Good job. You're a fast learner.
Rena Rouge:::If you need any superhero tips, you know where to come.
Cat Noir::: Mm-hmm.
Ladybug:::Follow me, and I'll take you to Sapoti-Land! Where there's no bedtime! Where everything goes!
Sapotis::: Sapoti-Land!
Hawk Moth:::No, wait! Don't go there! Ladybug's trying to trap you!
Sapotis::: Sapoti-Land! 
Ladybug::: Phase two, Cat Noir! Now!Step right up! Step right up! The Sapotis get in for free!
Cat Noir::: All the Sapotis are in the alley! Phase three!
Rena Rouge::: Is this really gonna work?
Cat Noir::: Oh, don't worry. Sometimes it's even more absurd than this!Your turn, Ladybug!
Rena Rouge::: We've got all the hats, Ladybug!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ella and Etta::: Huh? 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Ladybug, Cat Noir, and Rena Rouge:::Pound it!
Rena Rouge::: Etta—!Uh...gotta get going! Uh...before I transform back!
Cat Noir::: Looking forward to fighting villains with you again, Rena Rouge!
Ladybug:::I'll join you.
Rena Rouge::: Bye, kitty! 
Cat Noir::: Meow!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, can you make sure the two girls get back home safely? 
Cat Noir:::Okay, who's gonna tell me where you live?
Ella and Etta:::I will!
Hawk Moth::: You and your friends have defeated me this time, Ladybug! But thanks to you, now I know there are other Miraculous in Paris! And most likely, a guardian!'
Alya:::That was unreal!
Ladybug::: You've really helped us a lot. Thank you, Alya. 
Alya::: Uh... You know, if I held onto it, I could help you again.
Ladybug::: You made a promise.
Alya::: Oh please, Ladybug! We'd make a great team! I could help Cat Noir and you every day!
Ladybug:::I'm about to transform back! Hurry!
Alya::: Please?
Ladybug::: I have to go! I'm trusting you! 
Trixx::: You're absolutely right, Alya. I'm sure the three of you would make quite the team! You have all the makings of a true superhero. You're strong, brave; but most of all, you're trustworthy.
Master Fu::: You made the right choice, Marinette. Thanks to you, Paris has been saved from evil yet again.
Marinette::: 
Alya::: Marinette! Are you okay?
Marinette::: I tried calling you tons of times! Why weren't you answering?
Alya::: Wait till you hear! Something crazy happened to me!
Marinette::: Really? What happened?
Alya::: I...well...my battery died.Can you believe it? My brand new phone. Super letdown, huh?
Marinette:::I'm just glad you're safe. 
Alya::: Ditto.
Alya::: Keep the noise down. My sisters are asleep at last.
Marinette::: Phew!All's well that ends well.
Alya::: Thanks to Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Marinette::: I heard they had another superhero with them tonight! A girl!
Alya::: Huh? No! Seriously? I...had no idea! Who was it?
Marinette::: Aren't we gonna watch a movie?
Alya::: Oh come on! Please! Did you see her? Did you at least know what her name was? Or what did she look like? Come on, girl, tell me everything!
