Marinette::: Mmm. Everything smells delicious, Mrs. Césaire!
Marlena::: Marinette, call me Marlena.You'll let me know how you like my Colombo, okay?
Marinette::: Hide, Trixx!Alya, no one can know about Trixx! He's a secret!
Alya:::Really? Exactly why is he such a secret, Ladybug?
Marinette:::U-uh, Ladybug? W-Why are you calling me Ladybug? I'm not Ladybug. I'm Marinette! Just a normal girl with a normal life. 
Nino:::Marinette, everyone knows that you're Ladybug!
Chloé::: To think that you've been lecturing us about blah, blah, blah, you must keep your identity a secret, blah, blah, blah, otherwise I can't give you your Miraculous. I would have made a much better Ladybug. Talk about a ridiculous Guardian, utterly ridiculous!
Marinette:::Alya, what is she doing here at your house?
Alya::: Ahh, thanks for showing up, Shadow Moth! 
Shadow Moth::: I'm the one grateful to you, for revealing Ladybug's identity, Alya. Thanks to you, the Miracle Box is finally mine.
Marinette::: Alya?! This is impossible! Tikki, Spots On!Tikki?
Tikki:::You should have never trusted Alya, Marinette.
Cat Blanc::: Look on the bright side, m'lady. Now that we're done with secrets, we can tie the knot.
Marinette:::This... is... a nightmare...!
Shadow Moth::: If you want this to stop, all you have to do is give me your Miraculous.
Trixx::: This is what you get for leaving me with Alya.
Marinette::: AHHHHHH! Tikki, I should have never left the Fox Miraculous with Alya!
Tikki:::What are you talking about, Marinette?
Marinette:::I had a nightmare. It was horrible! Alya told everyone, everything and Shadow Moth had hold of the Miracle Box.
Marinette::: Whew.
Tikki::: It was just a bad dream, that wouldn't really happen. Alya is a loyal friend.
Wayzz::: Alya is. But her kwami, Trixx, can't help making mischief whenever is facing to whom.
Xuppu::: Well the Loch Ness monster illusion was kind of fun, wasn't it?
Tikki::: Shhh.
Marinette:::That was a prophetic nightmare, I can't leave the Miraculous with Alya!
Tikki::: Marinette, wait!
Sabine::: Marinette, it's almost lunchtime and you're still...
Marinette::: In my pajamas,I know, I, I just need to drop by Alya's, and there's this thing I need back. 
Alya::: Where did that thing go? Come on, Nora.
Nora::: If I find him, he better be ready for a good old roundhouse kick!
Ella::: First one who finds the furry squishy gets to keep it.
Etta::: Yeah!
Otis::: I can't believe this, it's like the little monster can go through walls or something.
Marinette::: Everyone knows? You-you told them?!
Alya::: Well, I had to since I lost him. Imagine what happened if someone could cross him or worse if he escaped. 
Marinette::: You lost him?
Alya::: Yeah, so? Everybody loses things from time to time. Help me look instead of lecturing me.
Marlena::: Stay for lunch, Marinette. You let me know, how you like my Colombo, okay?
Marinette:::A T-T-T-Tarantula! .
Marlena:::Everyone can stop looking. Marinette found Hannibal!
Nora and Alya::: Phew! .
Otis::: Seems like he got his legs working again. Tomorrow, it's back to the zoo, buddy.
Nino:::Is it okay to come out now?
Nora:::Ha! You flyweights, Cappy was scared of the itsy-bitsy spider, just like you, baguette!
Nino:::Nah, I wasn't scared, I just went into the bathroom to make sure that Hannibal had not fallen into the toilet.But why are you in your pajamas?
Alya::: Cute look, Marinette. So, are you here for anything... specific?
Marinette:::Oh! No, it's cool! Nothing specific, especially now I've seen you found the tarantula, I'm so relieved it wasn't something else that you'd lost. 
Alya::: Ah, I know what thing you're talking about, FYI, when someone trusts me with a thing, I don't lose it.
Nora:::Look who's talking! You're the one who just lost Hannibal.
Marinette::: Huh. Can we chat for a sec? 
Alya::: Sorry, Nino. This is between Marinette and me. 
Nino:::Ahh! Haha, haha .
Marinette:::I swear, it was so... lifelike!
Alya::: It was just a nightmare, Marinette. 
Marinette::: Everyone knew that I was...you-know-who, you know?AAAAHHH!
Alya::: Chill out, everything's cool!
Marinette:::Okay. We know that Shadow Moth has identified some of the holders. He knows you've been Rena Rouge! What if he found out I left the Miraculous with you? He could steal it from you!
Alya::: Shadow Moth or anybody else will never know! 
Marinette::: Not even Cat Noir can!
Alya::: No one's gonna find this!And thanks to this very hip bag my BFF gave me,Trixx is always with me, out of sight.
Marinette::: Trixx! Promise you're not gonna... make any mischief like popping up at the table during lunch, for example? 
Trixx::: As silent as a phoenix and as wily as foxes. 
Tikki:::I told you everything is alright!
Marinette::: I was silly to worry. You're right.
Alya::: Trust me, and trust yourself! You were right to give me a Mirac-Ugh, seriously? Hello?? Why isn't anybody getting that? 
Alya::: Hey! Where'd you guys all go? Is this some kind of joke?Hello?
Shadow Moth:::Rena Rouge, I am Shadow Moth.
Alya::: Marinette! 
Marinette::: Alya!
Alya:::Marinette, no!
Marinette::: Alya! Be careful! 
Alya::: Nino! Seriously? Don't tell me you got akumatized into Bubbler again just 'cause I didn't let you in my room!
Shadow Moth:::I'm not Nino, I'm the Sentibubbler.
Sentibubbler::: Nino is with your family, all prisoners!
Nino:::Hey, you! Keep those hairy legs away from me, okay?
Nora:::Don't panic, the Beetle and Mr. Whiskers will save us!
Shadow Moth:::You've probably realized by nowthat you'll have to obey me if you want to see your loved ones again. 
Alya::: What do you want, Shadow Moth?
Shadow Moth:::I want you to betray Ladybug!
Marinette::: This is worse than a nightmare! Tikki, I can't transform or everyone will see me!
Tikki::: Alya will figure something out. That's why you left her a Miraculous!
Marinette:::I have to tell her that the villain is probably a sentimonster!Rena Rouge has to warn Cat Noir that he must not cataclysm him, or the sentimonster will get out of control and our bubbles could pop out!
Alya::: No!
Shadow Moth:::The only people you'll be able to communicate with now, Alya Césaire, are me and my sentimonster!
Marinette:::Why isn't she answering?Oh no. 
Tikki::: Trust Alya, Marinette. She's never let you down before!
Marinette::: You're right! Besides, I'm sure Cat Noir will show up soon! 
Nadja Chamack:::These bubbles are floating for over five minutes now, and still no superhero in sight. Isn't that right, Clara?
Plagg:::Aww, this cheese isn't runny enough yet.
Clara Contard:::Yes, Nadja, and no villain either. In fact, these bubbles are identical to the ones created by the Bubbler. Yet, in one of them, there's Nino Lahiffe, the student that was originally akumatized as the Bubbler.
Nadja:::Keep your distance, Clara. Don't take any risks until Ladybug and Cat Noir get there.
Adrien:::Nino! Marinette!Plagg?
Plagg:::Well, good! By the time we're back, maybe this cheese will become edible!
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Shadow Moth::: Listen carefully. Ladybug will be here any minute. And since it's your family and friends, Ladybug will ask you to help her, and hand you the Miraculous of the Fox. Once she's given you the Miraculous, the Sentibubbler will be hiding nearby and capture Ladybug!
Alya::: Cat Noir will come to save her!
Shadow Moth::: No. He won't even know she's been captured. Because thanks to your Miraculous, you'll transform into Rena Rouge and create an illusion of Ladybug and Rena Rouge to distract Cat Noir. Thinking he's joined his fellow heroes, he won't notice the Sentibubbler until it's too late, and you'll give me your Miraculous! It is then and only then when the three Miraculous are finally in my possession! That, the Sentibubbler will release your loved ones. If you try anything to warn Ladybug or Cat Noir, I'll order the Sentibubbler to send the bubbles into space, too far for any superhero to ever save them!
Shadow Moth::: If I were you, I would do anything I could to ensure Ladybug showed up very shortly! 
Alya:::Got to gain some time!
Marinette::: Phew, Alya's still free! She'll be able to save us.
Tikki:::You see? You were right to give her the Miraculous!
Marinette::: Thanks, Tikki. 
Alya:::Ladybug! Please come save us! 
Marinette:::What's she doing?
Alya:::Ladybug! Please come save us!
Marinette::: Ugh, I'm just gonna have to transform in front of everyone and later use the Miraculous of the Rabbit to go back in time! Ah, no! Time travel is never a good idea! But if I don't transform, I won't have access to any of the Miraculous. Oh! Except mine!You could take it to another holder!
Tikki::: The earrings can't go through the bubble, Marinette!
Marinette::: Then, Cat Noir is our last hope. 
Cat Noir::: No villain in sight. Watch out, m'lady. I get the feeling someone's trying to play cat and ladybug with us. I'm waiting for you! 
Alya:::Yoo-hoo! Ladybug!Get ready, Trixx. We have to figure out a way to free Marinette, or else we're all serious goners! 
Alya::: Hey, Sentibubbler? I have to go to the bathroom.
Shadow Moth:::Not now!
Sentibubbler:::Not now!
Alya:::Seriously, it cannot wait. Must be the stress. Plus, it sure will look weird if Ladybug finds me like this.
Shadow Moth:::Just remember that if you try anything...
Sentibubbler::: I'll send those bubbles right into space!
Alya::: I can't try anything without a Miraculous, anyway. I just need to go to the bath- Woah!
Alya:::Trixx, let's pounce!
Rena Rouge:::Mirage!
Shadow Moth::: Sentibubbler, what is she doing?
Sentibubbler::: Ah, I can't see! 
Sentibubbler::: You got thirty seconds!
Sentibubbler::: One, two, three...
Rena Rouge:::Reality! 
Sentibubbler:::Five! 
Rena Rouge::: Let's rest! 
Trixx::: You got a plan?
Alya::: Uh-huh. Shadow Moth and the Sentibubbler don't know I have my Miraculous with me. I'm going to use it to make them believe everything is going according to their plan. 
Trixx:::You're going to create an illusion of Ladybug?
Alya::: Yep. But first, I have to make sure that Cat Noir doesn't come to mess up my plan. Trixx, let's pounce! 
Cat Noir:::Rena? Are you with Ladybug?
Rena Rouge:::Yes. She... asked me to call you and say we got a plan.
Cat Noir::: Perfect! What should I do?
Rena Rouge::: Oh! Uh- I- It's actually a two-person plan. 
Cat Noir::: What do you mean a two-person plan? You mean she and you? What about me?
Rena Rouge::: Well, that's just it. In this plan, you have to stay right where you are. A-and wait for instructions.
Cat Noir::: Hm. I need to hear it from her. Put her on the phone, please.
Rena Rouge::: Well, I- Uh-I can't. She's super busy right now. And, uh, if you happen to see the Bubbler, whatever you do, don't cataclysm him! It's actually a sentimonster.
Cat Noir::: What?
Rena Rouge::: I gotta go! I-I mean, we will keep you posted.Mirage! 
Cat Noir:::A two-person plan?! There's only one two-person plan, and that's Ladybug and me!The Miraculous Ladybug will fix everything as usual. Hm?Where's Rena Rouge?Stay where I am, I can't just sit here and do nothing! 
Marinette:::Rena Rouge has gone into action, Tikki! I knew Alya could handle it!Cat Noir! No!
Tikki::: What's wrong?
Marinette::: If Cat Noir comes into contact with Rena Rouge's illusion anyway, it'll disappear! I've got to warn Cat Noir!Or Shadow Moth will figure out Alya's plan! 
Shadow Moth:::There she is!Hurry up, Ladybug's coming!
Sentibubbler:::Hurry up, Ladybug's coming!
Alya:::See? I didn't make trouble.
Sentibubbler::: Don't forget what will happen to your loved ones if you don't stick to the plan. 
Alya::: I hear you loud and clear. 
Shadow Moth::: Sentibubbler, wait until Ladybug has given the Miraculous to Rena Rouge before you capture her.
Marinette::: Cat Noir! Cat Noir!!
Cat Noir:::Marinette Dupain-Cheng? 
Marinette::: You have to stay where you are!
Cat Noir:::Oh, come on! What is with everyone telling me to stay where I am?
Marinette::: Rena Rouge created an illusion of Ladybug to fool the Bubbler who's really a sentimonster! If you go there, you might screw up the whole plan!
Cat Noir:::And you know this... how?
Marinette:::Uh- Oh, well... i-it's because I-I have a really good view of the whole thing since the very beginning. You might even say I have front row seats here! 
Rena Rouge:::What's going on?The Bubbler has captured my family, my friends!
Ladybug::: What's going on? 
Alya::: The Bubbler has captured my family, my friends!
Ladybug::: Hmm, but not you?
Alya::: I don't know. He was already gone when I got here. 
Ladybug::: That's strange. It would have made more sense if he threatened your family in order to force you to betray me.
Alya::: I'd never betray you, Ladybug. 
Ladybug::: Shadow Moth attacked your family because he found out that you're a superhero. Unfortunately, I won't be able to give you the Miraculous of the Fox ever again. 
Shadow Moth::: No!! This isn't the plan!
Sentibubbler:::Shall I capture Ladybug?
Shadow Moth::: Wait! Just a moment!
Rena Rouge:::I was proud to fight by your side, Ladybug.Don't worry...
Ladybug::: ...I'll find another holder and give him a different, but very powerful Miraculous! We'll save your loved ones!
Rena Rouge:::Thank you, Ladybug!
Shadow Moth::: I'm looking forward on getting my hands on this new and powerful Miraculous, as well! Let's follow her!
Cat Noir::: If the sentimonster touches the illusion, it'll disappear! He'll know it's a trap! I gotta stop him!
Marinette::: Great idea! 
Cat Noir:::Don't worry, the real Ladybug will get here and together we'll save you!
Marinette:::We already are, Kitty Cat. We already are.
Cat Noir:::So, now you're a superhero stalker, Bubbler?
Shadow Moth::: No! That alley cat is going to ruin my plan!Ladybug cannot escape me! Not today! 
Marinette::: Shadow Moth?
Tikki::: The real one?
Rena Rouge::: Reality!
Shadow Moth::: NO!!You can't hide for long, Ladybug!!
Rena Rouge:::Let's rest! 
Shadow Moth:::All is not lost, yet.
Marinette::: Cat Noir, watch out!
Marinette::: Sorry.
Cat Noir:::You'll need more than this to capture this cat! Cataclysm! 
Shadow Moth and Sentibubbler::: It's over for you, Cat Noir!
Cat Noir::: Nothing's over! You haven't defeated Ladybug, yet!
Marinette:::Or Rena Rouge!
Alya::: From this point on, Trixx, Rena Rouge can never be seen in the light of day. Shadow Moth's gotta believe that no one's using the Miraculous of the Fox!
Trixx::: Now that's sly. Very sly!
Alya::: Trixx, let's pounce! 
Rena Rouge:::Marinette, get ready. It's time for the real Ladybug to show up! 
Tikki::: What's happening?
Marinette::: Alya has created the illusion of an identical bubble containing an illusion of me and it completely overlaps us!
Marinette:::Nobody can see us from the outside now!
Tikki:::It's brilliant!
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on! 
Cat Noir::: Ladybug will never fall into your trap!
Shadow Moth:::Shut him up!
Cat Noir::: No one will silence me, Shadow Moth! 
Shadow Moth::: Now, I will have the pleasure of capturing Ladybug! 
Ladybug:::Lucky Charm!That cup's gotta be the object that allows him to control the sentimonster!
Ladybug::: Tikki, Kaalki, Unify! 
Sentibubbler::: Show yourself, Ladybug! It's over for you and Cat Noir! 
Sentibubbler and Shadow Moth::: If you don't surrender... 
Sentibubbler::: ...I'll send all these prisoners into space! Three, two, one! Too late!! 
Ella and Etta::: Help, Ladybug!!!
Sentibubbler::: Hurry up! The bubbles are rising! Tick-tock, Ladybug!
Cat Noir:::It's now or never for your awesome two-person plan, m'lady!
Pegabug::: I won't be able to seize everything at once! First, the object that controls the sentimonster. Voyage!
Shadow Moth::: Ladybug!
Post- Pegabug::: No, Pegabug!
Pegabug::: Sentibubbler! Bring the bubbles down and free the prisoners!
Sentibubbler::: At your command! 
Shadow Moth::: You're forgetting something, Pegabug! I created him! Sentibubbler, I release you from existence! 
Pegabug::: No! 
Rena Rouge:::Reality! 
Pegabug::: Kaalki, dismount! 
Ladybug::: Gotcha!Can you hold on to this for me, please?
Ladybug:::Where did Shadow Moth go? 
Cat Noir::: I think he felt the wind start to change.
Ladybug::: This could've been the end of Shadow Moth. 
Cat Noir:::You know, I really thought today was the end of Cat Noir. But you guys really had it under control. 
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: I guess you'll need a little something. I'll come back in a minute.
Ladybug:::You rocked, Rena Rouge!
Rena Rouge::: See? When someone trusts me with a thing, I don't lose it.
Ladybug:::I never should've second-guessed letting you hold on to the Miraculous. 
Rena Rouge::: Let's rest! 
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug!Spots off! 
Nino:::I'm not really afraid of spiders.
Marinette::: You actually have Ladybug say that she would never ever give you the Miraculous of the Fox again? 
Alya::: Uh-huh. 
Marinette::: So, he'll never try to steal it from you again! Nightmare over!
Alya::: Pretty sly, don't you think?
Marinette::: Sly as a fox! You're a true superhero!
Alya::: You aren't so bad either, Pegabug.
Alya and Marinette::: Pound it!
Gabriel:::Ladybug never makes a mistake! 
Nathalie::: Don't give up. Everyone makes mistakes, and one day, she'll make one, too. And when that day comes,your wish will come true.
