André::: My good old friend Bob. How wonderful to see you. And you've brought little Xavier-Yves with you, too. 
XY:::Uh, my peeps call me XY, if you don't mind, Mr. Mayor. Xavier-Yves is way too-
André::: XY! Of course! The famous DJ XY!It's an honor for the palace to receive such a fantastic artist and his father.
Bob::: Does that mean dinner's on the house, then?
André::: Uh...uh...
Bob:::I'm joking.
André:::You're too much, Bob. Always the comedian. Enjoy your meal. Bon appetite! 
Bob::: I tried. Okay, we need to talk about this special TV appearance you're going to be making. You know, this'll be a major promotional event for you. You got any new material to premiere? New ideas?
XY::: 'Course not, Dad. You know I never have any ideas. 
Bob::: So let me hear what you've ripped- er, what you've come up with this year.Isn't it a bit similar to what you were doing last year?
XY:::Oh, yeah. Guess I ripped off my own music. 
Bob::: Never mind. No one will know the difference anyway. Image is key. What kind of visuals you got going? Any concepts?
XY::: Any what?
Bob::: Forget it. I'll use the same plan that's made me the rich man I am today. If you're short on great ideas, borrow someone else's. 
Bob::: We're looking for new talent. Stunning musical and visual skills are a must. With a brand new style that everyone will die for. You have two weeks to send in your videos. 
Marinette::: It's a perfect opportunity to showcase Kitty Section.
Luka::: And the stage clothes you designed, Marinette.
Marinette:::If we all pitch in, two weeks is more than enough time to make an awesome video. Everyone in?
Rose::: Here we go!
Everyone::: Kitty Section!
Rose::: You know I love unicorns
Luka::: Wow! This is so awesome! We're so in the moment. The song's fun and totally sincere.Hey, Marinette. Still no news about the contest?
Marinette::: Maybe they didn't like our song?
Luka::: They must've received a ton of videos. They probably haven't made their pick yet.
Ivan::: Uh, oh. You better take a look at this, guys. 
XY:::...cause I love my unicorn, and fluffy blue bunnies, too! 
Alec::: Wow! Lovin' the new look, XY! You've really outdone yourself this time. How did you come up with a style that's so... original?
XY:::It's all in here.
Ivan::: But that's our original style!
Luka:::Your unicorn, and your mask!
Marinette:::That's your melody.It's your music. That's not fair! That should be you guys up there on TV. There better be a good explanation. We have to have it out with Bob Roth and XY.
Guard 1::: They're not here right now.
Marinette::: Seriously? They're right there on live screen.
Guard 1::: You're not allowed in. You don't have an invitation and the show already started.
Marinette::: But it's our show!
Guard 2::: Not our problem, miss.
Rose::: Help! Our friend's been akumatized! Ladybug and Cat Noir aren't here to save us! Quick!
Guard 2::: Stop messin' around kids, it's not gonna work.
Guard 1::: We've got work to do, so get out of here and go watch the show at home. 
Alec::: Wow! Awesome, XY! Such a 180 from your last record! This might be your best yet! So tell me, where did you get the inspiration for all this new material?
XY::: Oh, it's nothing really. I came up with the whole song in 5 minutes.
Luka::: In 5 minutes? He couldn't even sing it the way it's supposed to be sung. 
Marinette::: And his mask isn't even a good rip-off.Mr. Roth! My name's Marinette Dupain-Cheng. I'm the one who sent you the Kitty Section video.
Bob::: Video? What video? I don't know what you're talking about, kid.
Marinette::: Maybe I can jog your memory? Look!The costumes, the mask, the music, the dance moves. They're all the same!
Bob::: There's no comparison. This here is some amateur garage band. My son is a solo artist. You guys play instruments, his music is all digital. Our unicorn is much cooler, and our masks are nothing like yours.
Luka::: That's not true! You copied Marinette's costumes!
Marinette::: And it's the exact same song. You stole Luka's music!
XY::: Oh, come on. Let's not exaggerate now. We may have just been a little bit... inspired, that's all. 
Luka:::Inspired?! You flat out stole! You didn't design this mask,Marinette did!
Marinette::: Listen, it's not too late to do the right thing. Just tell the truth and let Kitty Section appear on the show. That's all we're asking.
Bob::: Yeah. First they'll wanna be in the show. Then they'll be asking for a cut of the profits. No way! Never saw or heard of Kitten Division.
Luka::: Forget it, Marinette. It's no big deal. Let's just go.
Marinette::: No! It's not fair! I won't stand by and let my friends' work get stolen.If you won't tell the truth, then I will! Right now, on the air, live! 
Bob:::If you do that, I'll tell them you're the copycats, not me. I've got all the music biz eating out of my hand. So who do you think they're gonna believe? Me, or a group of nobodies?
Luka::: Grrr...
Bob::: You'll never have a future in this business. You'll never make another costume. And there'll be no more music for your buddies because as far as everyone's concerned, you'll be the rip-off artists.
Luka::: Grrr... 
Hawk Moth::: Ah. I'm detecting the echo of a very rare emotion. The anger of a creator whose work has been stolen. Who also cannot bear to see the one he loves suffer.Fly away, my little akuma, and evilize this pure soul.
Bob:::Not quite so cocky now, are we? 
Hawk Moth:::Silencer, I am Hawk Moth. This man is the voice of evil. I'm giving you the power to silence him for good. All I ask of you in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. Do we have an agreement, Silencer?
Luka::: 
Hawk Moth:::I'll take your silence as a yes. 
XY:::Do you have any idea how much work it took me to copy your costumes?
Silencer:::Shh. 
Bob:::What's that? 
Silencer:::Don't worry, Marinette. I would never hurt you. I will use the power Hawk Moth has given me to restore justice. I will force Bob Roth to admit what he has done to you and Kitty Section.
Marinette::: Don't do that, Luka. That's revenge, not justice. And if you team up with Hawk Moth, you'll have to face Cat Noir and Ladybug.
Silencer::: Cat Noir and Ladybug? Where were they when we needed them? As now, Silencer is laying down the law of silence.You’re the most extraordinary girl, Marinette. Clear as a musical note and as sincere as a melody. You’re the music that’s been playing inside my head since the day we first met. I won’t let anything happen to you. 
Marinette::: Wha!? 
Tikki::: Did that sound like a declaration of love to you?
Marinette::: I think so. Which is kind of weird coming from a villain.
Tikki::: Perhaps Luka feels the same way.
Marinette:::Do you think!? Uh, stay focused, Marinette!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ah!
Silencer::: You can't get away from me, Bob Roth. I will make you tell the truth, live on TV.
Bob::: Don't touch me! I'm warning you! I'm well-connected. One call to Mr. Bourgeois......and he'll bring the police for me. The whole army if he has to!
Silencer::: Shh. 
Ladybug::: I can't let you do this, Silencer. 
Bob::: And about time, too!What are you waiting for?Get to work!
Ladybug:::Listen, Lukaer, Silencer. You don't know what you're doing. Hawk Moth is evil. You think you're using your power for good but you're wrong. 
Bob::: Oh, come on! Stop mincing around and protect me!Sorry, Ladybug. Occupational hazard, I guess. No hard feelings? Bye! 
Silencer:::You shouldn't have stood in my way, Ladybug.
Ladybug::: 
Silencer:::No Lucky Charm this time, Ladybug.You'd need your voice for that, and I'm the one who's got it.You can run, Ladybug, but you can't get away from me for long.
Hawk Moth:::Don't let her escape you, Silencer. She's vulnerable.
Silencer:::Don't worry, Hawk Moth. Now that I've got Ladybug's voice, I have a plan to get ahold of her and Cat Noir's Miraculous.But first: revenge! 
Ladybug::: 
Plagg::: Adrien, come see this.
Adrien::: What is it?Ladybug?
Plagg::: Looks like we got a problem.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Cat Noir:::Meow! M'lady sent me some messages. I bet she misses me! 
Silencer:::Where are you hiding, Bob Roth? You're definitely good at hiding.But you won't get away from me. I've got plans for you, too. 
Cat Noir::: I'm right here, M'lady. Uh, I'm here now, so go ahead and fill me in.Of course, I should've thought of that.Hey, that's not very nice!
Ladybug::: 
Cat Noir::: You're right! Let's go! We'll get your voice back and talk ourselves out of this mess!I don't want to be catty but I really don't know what you mean.We've got a major problem. I can't call out my Lucky Charm or say Miraculous Ladybug. Ah, you've definitely got a point there. The magic ladybugs won't be able to fix up all the damage caused by Silencer.And you can't say the detransformation words? Which means you'll be a mute Ladybug for the rest of your life?But it has its advantages in a way. Now you'll never be able to pick on my jokes.I'm kidding, M'lady. Don't worry, you always get us out of the worst fixes.Meanwhile, I'll be able to babble to my heart's content. 
Bob::: Get away from me, you filthy critters.André? André, it's me! I need you to send in the troops.
André:::No problem, Bob. I'll take care of it. Where are you?
Bob::: The one place in Paris you've probably never step foot in. The sewers!
André::: Don't worry, I'll send the police in right away! 
Silencer:::Mayor Bourgeois here. Get me Officer Roger.
Cat Noir::: Maybe I could imitate your voice? Lucky Charm, Lucky Charm, Lucky Charm, Lucky Charm!Uh... yeah, okay, I'll shut up now.
Ladybug::: 
Cat Noir::: Uh... cat got your tongue?A night at the opera?
Ladybug::: 
Cat Noir::: You want to make Silencer say the words Lucky Charm with the voice he stole from you? Very smart! Now let's hear how you're gonna do that.Don't even think about it, M'lady. It'll never work.You're right, though, we don't have much of a choice.
Bob::: Thank you, Officer Roger. Thanks for looking out for your fellow citizens.
Roger:::Mr. Roth, you're under arrest. 
Bob::: What? This is a big misunderstanding!
Bob::: Where are you taking me?
Roger::: Mayor's orders.
Bob::: Mr. Bourgeois and I have been friends for a very long time and-
Roger:::Yes, we're nearly there, Mr. Mayor. 
Silencer:::Thank you, officer.
Roger::: Uh, and who are you?
Silencer::: Shh. 
Bob::: Uh, no! Let me go!
Silencer:::I can take your voice, Bob Roth, and make you say whatever I please. But that's not what I want. I want you to admit what you did to Marinette and her friends with your own voice.
Bob::: Never! I'd rather be silent!
Silencer:::You really think I can't make you? Listen, I can ruin your reputation just like you threatened to do with Marinette.Everyone in showbiz knows me. I'll make sure you lose every single one of your friends.I'll put you in prison.I'll never sing for you, Dad. You'll never make another dime from my music.We'll make your life a nightmare, Bob Roth.
Bob::: Wait, stop! Okay, I'll do it! I'll tell the truth!
Silencer:::Dear viewers, we're back on the air for a exclusive interview with Bob Roth. He has something very important...
Cat Noir::: Wait, M'lady! It might be too early to pull off your crazy plan. We could wait for Bob Roth to actually tell the truth. Then justice would be served for Kitty Section, wouldn't it?It would be revenge, not justice. And being coerced into telling the truth is meaningless. You're right, M'lady. You're not much fun but you do have a point. We have to save him.C'mon!We got all the time in the world! We might as well have a bit of fun!
Silencer::: Keep your nose out of other people's business, kitty, or I'll silence you.
Cat Noir::: That would be a shame considering how hilarious I am.
Silencer::: Where'd he go? 
Bob::: You're gonna have to do better than that, Ladybug, if you're gonna defeat this supervillain. Isn't that you and Cat Noir's job? This is all that band's faultthose Kitty what-ya-ma-callits. None of this would've happened if they hadn't made a fuss about their so-called ideas.
Cat Noir::: Oh, no! I can't find Ladybug anywhere! How will I ever get out of this mess without her?
Silencer:::Cat Noir! I'm over here!
Cat Noir::: M'lady! If you've gotten your voice back, then you've defeated Silencer! It's safe to come and find you!
Silencer::: Yes, yes, there's no danger now. Meet me outside the studio. I'll wait for you.
Cat Noir::: Okay, I'm coming! I'll meet you outside the studio door!
Bob::: You've got to be the dumbest superheroes ever! How could you let the bad guy in on your plan? And what's with this fake Lucky Charm? I thought it was supposed to be magic or something, but it's actually just some crafty special effects.
Cat Noir::: You took your time. Did something hold you up?Ha, ha! You thought you had us, didn’t you, Silencer? But you’re wrong! Ladybug still has her superpowers. 
Silencer:::That’s impossible! I took your voice from you! How could you possibly have summoned up your Lucky Charm? 
Cat Noir::: I don’t see how this is going to work any better than a lamp but at least you’ve got yourself a real Lucky Charm.I’m warning you, buddy! You haven’t heard the last from Ladybug!
Ladybug::: 
Cat Noir::: Catch this, M'lady! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye, bye, little butterfly!You're right, this does have its advantages. Miraculous Ladybug!
Roger:::Give us back our voices!
Cat Noir::: Ah, much better.
Luka::: What happened?
Ladybug::: You were akumatized. But everything's fine now.
Bob:::This is outrageous, Ladybug! You tied me up and imprisoned me in a dressing room!
Ladybug::: Me? I did that? That doesn't sound like me at all.
Bob:::The ladybug and cat got you. Serves you right! What did you think, kid? That I was going to tell everybody the truth? That I stole Kitty Section's song and your girlfriend's costumes, so I could give them to my talentless son, huh?You didn't think that superheroes would come to save me, huh? That's right! They work for me now!...What's up with you guys? Why are you all smiling like that?!
Ladybug::: We're smiling because you're on the air, Mr. Roth.Everything you just said was broadcast live.
Parisians::: Boooo! 
Bob::: Eh heh heh heh heh. Precisely! It was all just a big joke! I actually happen to love the band Kitten Division! In fact, I love them so much that I was about to sign them to their first record deal!And now, they're going to finish off this show with their very own song! I didn't mention it earlier, to keep it a surprise! But it was my idea from the start!
Cat Noir::: We usually save the good guys from the baddies, but I've got my doubts about this one. You sure he hasn't been akumatized? 
Ladybug::: Nope. He's like that all the time.Gotta go! I'm about to transform back. See you soon, my kitty.
Cat Noir:::I love when she calls me that.
Parisians::: 
Hawk Moth::: You broke the laws of silence, Ladybug. But I'm preparing an act of vengeance for you that will leave you speechless! 
Alec::: And now, please welcome the next big thing in town: Kitty Section!
Marinette:::Luka? Did you really mean those things you said when you were akumatized?
Luka::: I'm sorry, Marinette, but I don't remember. What did I say?
Marinette::: Uh, oh, nothing. It was nothing at all. You were possessed by Hawk Moth's akuma.
Luka::: I don't know what I possibly could've said. I just hope it wasn't anything mean. Because you're the most extraordinary girl, Marinette. As clear as a musical note and as sincere as a melody. You’re the music that’s been playing inside my head since the first day we met. 
Marinette::: That was a declaration of love. Right, Tikki?
Tikki::: One of the most beautiful ones I've ever heard!
