Taxi Driver::: You'll discover for yourself, Mademoiselle, but one can never see too much of Paris.Does the Eiffel Tower need an introduction? And to think that when it was first built, the Parisians thought it would stuck out like a sore thumb.And over there are the Trocadéro gardens. Did you know that underneath there is an aquarium, the first in the world built in 1867.The Louvre, the largest museum in the world. So huge that it would take a hundred days to see everything! Originally, the Louvre was a fortress built to protect our city. These days, it protects our art. Speaking of protecting the city, there are our local miracles, Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Zoé:::Can we stop here? I've always dreamed of eating a real Parisian croissant.
Taxi Driver::: You couldn't have picked a better place this is the best bakery in Paris. My kids adore their croissants.
Sabine::: You're lucky they're fresh out of the oven.
Marinette::: Sorry I got held up here! 
Zoé::: Is everyone all right?
Marinette::: Sorry, sorry, sorry!
Zoé::: It's totally okay, but maybe I should be asking if you're okay. That was quite a fall!
Marinette:::Don't worry about me, I'll be fine, thanks. I'm pretty clumsy so I'm used to it. Come to think of it, I fall a lot. I fall on my face, fall asleep, fall out of bed, fall apart of the seams fall in love...I really am sorry about all of this, how can I make it up to you?
Zoé::: It's nothing, don't worry!
Marinette::: Mom, can you put together a dozen more croissants for...
Zoé::: Zoé.
Marinette::: Hello, Zoé, I'm Miss Walking Disaster. Where's your accent from? It's really pretty!
Zoé::: I'm from New York.
Marinette::: Wow, cool! And what are you doing in Paris?
Zoé::: I'm- uh- here to be with my family.
Marinette::: Well then it's gonna be a great trip, no matter where you are, if you're with the ones you love, then you feel right at home.
Zoé::: Sorry.
Marinette:::Wow, your sneakers are awesome! Did you decorate them yourself?
Zoé::: Yeah, I've written every nice thing that anyone's ever said to me, to keep them with me all the time.
Marinette::: But there's only one message!
Zoé::: I only had one friend.
Marinette::: Oh...If you're not doing anything with your family tonight, my friends are performing a concert on a river march. Let me give you my number! 
Zoé::: I can give you mine too if you want. 
Marinette::: This way I won't lose it for sure. 
Zoé::: Bye!
Marinette::: See you tonight!
Zoé:::There, share it with your kids.
Taxi Driver::: Wow, but don't you want to keep some for your family?
Zoé::: Nah, they prefer sour to sweets.
Taxi Driver::: Well, thanks, miss. Enjoy your journey.
Butler Jean::: Oh, welcome back, Mademoiselle Zoé. Please, follow me.
Butler Jean::: Pardon me madame, but your daughter Mademoiselle Zoé has arrived.
Audrey::: Zoé?Oh, you look terrible! I'm guessing the flight was horrific.
Zoé::: Someone in economy class- uh- smelled like disgusting cologne, and the flight attendants refused to open a window to air help the plane!
Audrey::: Your father forgot to provide a private jet for you too busy for anyone, as usual. It's fine that you want to come live with us in Paris, but what exactly was wrong with your boarding school again?
Zoé::: I- I found roaches in my locker, can you believe it?
Audrey::: Well, that's nice, dear. Jean Quinton. Take her to see her sister.
Chloé::: So… you're Zoé? Blonde hair, blue eyes… Good, so far you're measuring up to the family standards, you can make an acceptable sister physically, at least. Cellphone!You'll have to change the case. Not enough gold or diamonds!Ah! What are those?!See these? These shoes are light and in life, there are winners and losers. Winners have their perfect little feet in these shoes while losers get crushedunder the soles. So you want them?Uh uh uh! If you want to be a winner and be part of this family, you're gonna have to earn your place. But don't worry, I'll be your mentor and if you prove worthy enough to be my sister, well then, maybe…I'll let you borrow my shoes! Rule number one: your father only exists to give you everything you want whenever you want.DADDY!I want the limo painted pink before I go to school!
André::: What? But sweetheart-
Chloé:::Since your father isn't here, you'll use mine! If you become my sister, of course. Rule number two: you need a minion. Where's yours?
Zoé::: Uhhh, I left them…in New York!
Chloé:::Fatal mistake! You never go anywhere without your minion!Don't confuse a minion for a patsy which I'll teach you about later. A minion is someone who does everything for you.Aren't you done with that math homework yet?
Sabrina::: Sorry, Chloé. It's taking me a little longer 'cause it's so dark in here but now that my eyes are used to having no light, it'll go much faster! 
Chloé::: Now, a patsy is there to suffer for your own entertainment. If you're good enough, a patsy can last you a lifetime. I have an old one but it hasn't been working so well ever since I became a superhero. I got too soft. She's yours if you could do something with her. 
Chloé::: Another super important rule. Number 72: All the Boys have to be crazy about you carrying your school bag up the stairs should be the highlight of their day. Not you, no, not you, either or you, but you can shine my shoes in your dreams tonight! You!Here! 
Sabrina:::Sorry! 
Chloé::: Hey you nobodies! Stop your meaningless chatter for a minute and listen up! This is uh...what’s your name again?
Zoé::: Zoé.
Chloé:::We’ll buy you a new name later.This is Zoé. She’s only my half-sister for now but you must still treat her with respect, so bow down...uh, I mean give her the welcome her status deserves.
Rose::: Her sister? Chloé has a sister?
Alya::: If we’re lucky, she’ll only be half as horrible.
Marinette::: Relax girls! I met her at the bakery earlier. She’s totally nothing like Chloé. She’s actually really nice! And besides we shouldn’t make snap judgments about people before we get to know them, right? 
Adrien:::Hey, what's up, man.
Chloé::: Ah, rule number 148: obviously, you need a guy BFF to wrap around your finger. Preferably gorgeous and very rich.That one over there is mine, Adrikins! He's the best there is. So keep your hands off, you here! We'll find you a less handsome one because you're less pretty than me, obviously.Ah! Here comes the patsy I was telling you about. If you can do a number on her, then I'll make you my real sister. Watch and learn.Still loafing around, Dupain-Cheng?Hello, she's a baker's daughter, get it? 
Marinette::: Hey, Zoé. What'd you think about the macaroons? Good, huh?
Chloé:::What?! You know Dupain-Cheng?!
Zoé:::Y-yeah, we've met.This clueless klutz knocked me down! So she gave me some super, uh… disgusting… macaroonsthinking that it would be enough to make up for it, but since I have good taste, I threw them out. 
Sabrina:::Can I do your homework?
Mr. Damocles::: Find a spot. Find a spot! Mid-year admission is not so easy. There's a lot of paperwork-
Chloé:::Rule number 38.
Zoé:::Would you like me to call my stepfather, Mayor Bourgeois, and let him know how utterly useless you've been. So useless, in fact, that this would surely run just as wellwithout you!
Mr. Damocles:::Uhhhh…
Mr. Damocles::: May I introduce your new schoolmate, Zoé. Please obey, I mean, give her a warm welcome.
Marinette:::I don't understand. When I met her this morning, she was so nice.
Alya::: That's crazy. Chloé's influence is so toxic that she's managed to corrupt her sister in a few hours.
Alix::: We gotta get her out of there.
Mylène::: Who will take her in?
Rose::: Do you think we can adopt her?
Marinette::: Let's just talk to her first. I'll handle it.
Chloé::: Needs improvement, but not such a bad start. As a reward, I'll let you touch my diamond shoes when we're home. 
Zoé::: Thank you? 
Sabrina:::See you later! 
Marinette::: Why did she become so nasty when she was so nice before?
Daizzi::: Maybe she was…hungry?
Marinette::: I'm sure the real Zoé is the one I met the first time. I hope I can get to the bottom of this.
Tikki::: As long as you're acting with kindness, Marinette, you can't go wrong.
Mullo::: Mm-hmm.
Chloé::: No.No.
Marinette:::I can tell something is keeping you from being yourself. If it's Chloé, we can talk about it tonight, if you want. You're still welcome to come to the Barge.
Chloé:::Ridiculous! 
Zoé:::Sorry. I'll explain tonight. 
Chloé:::Are you texting Dupain-Cheng?! I warned you! You walk over people, or I walk over you! Either you're proud to be who you are, proud to be a part of my family and you walk in my footsteps, or you clear out!
Zoé::: Are you through? This is all just part of my plan! I trick Dupain-Cheng into thinking I'm her friend, and tonight at the Barge I'll throw her disgusting macarons into the Seine, in front of all of her friends! Total humiliation.
Chloé:::Brilliant! Utterly brilliant!So, how about 'stick a wad of chewing gum on her chair'? No, done that. Oh! 'Get her punished for something she didn't do'! Too easy.Roaches!Roaches in her locker! Yes!How amazing am I?Hey!Where are you going?!
Zoé::: I'm...going to try them on outside.I want to see the diamonds sparkle in the sunlight.
André:::Is everything okay, Zoé?
André:::When I was young, I wanted to make movies,tell stories. Ah, that was the real me.But it made very clear to me that in order to earn my place,I had to let certain dreams go.What about you? What are your dreams?
Zoé::: At first, I– I wanted to be an actress.I'm good at acting. Then I found myself acting all the time, playing these different roles trying to please everyone, until I couldn't do it anymore.I just want to be accepted for being me, the real me.And now it's happening all over again, I just can't...
André:::Let me show you something.I call this My Cellar of Dreams.It can be lonely when even your own family can't accept you for who you are.We end up burying out feelings deep, here.And here.If you want, I can make some space for you.
Chloé:::I warned you: either you walk over people, or I walk over you!
Shadow Moth::: Never being accepted by your loved ones, travelling across the ocean only to be rejected once again!Welcome to Paris, Mademoiselle!Fly away, my little Akuma, and evilise that fragile heart! 
Shadow Moth:::Sole Crusher, I am Shadow Moth. Your sister challenges you to measure up to her? I give you the power to crush her soul instead. From now on, every person you crush will make you stronger.
Zoé:::They'll be crushed under the soles of my shoes, all the same.
Shadow Moth::: All that I ask for in return are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous. Start walking, Sole Crusher!
André:::No! 
Jean:::Mademoiselle… Chloé?
Sole Crusher::: Wrong, Jean-something. I am Sole Crusher!
Chloé:::Hey! How come you're using my image without my authorization?!
Sole Crusher::: The student has become the master, Chloé, and now, I'm going to crush you!
Chloé::: Zoé?!
Civilian::: Hey! That's our job!
Chloé:::Not anymore! 
Civilian::: Hey! 
Chloé::: Ahhh!
Taxi Driver::: Hey, you! Watch where you put your feet- 
Sole Crusher::: Chloéeeé!
Chloé::: You! Hide me! 
Marinette:::Quick, hide! 
Marinette::: Chloé? What's going on?
Chloé::: Dupain-Cheng! Don't just sit there! Help me block this door! 
Sole Crusher:::Found you! 
Marinette::: Who are you?
Sole Crusher::: I'm Sole Crusher!
Sole Crusher:::You can't escape me!
Tikki::: Kaalki, teleport to Plagg. We're going to need Cat Noir's help.
Kaalki::: Are you sure? You know how dangerous it is.
Tikki::: We have no choice! Hurry, I'll look for Marinette. 
Kaalki::: Voyage!
Plagg:::My cheese...
Kaalki::: There's a villain in Paris and the Guardian can't take care of it right now!Sorry, Mr. Noir. About your room.
Adrien::: Don't worry, Kaalki. Ladybug will fix everything later.Plagg, claws out!
Sole Crusher:::Chloé!
Chloé:::If you want to be my sister, if you really want to be like me, then I'm not the one you should crush.They are!Those losers! Otherwise you'll go back to New York! You may be bigger now, but you're still just a ridiculous copy of me! Utterly ridiculous!
Marinette::: That's not true! You don't have to crush anyone! There's no such things as winners, or losers! There's just.. people, with all unique interests and other individualities!
Cat Noir:::Did someone start off on the wrong foot this morning?
Marinette:::I'm not finished.Zoé! No one will judge you here. You can just be yourself. You might trip, you might fall, and there'll always be someone to pick you back up. I'll always be there for you!
Shadow Moth:::Sole Crusher! I can sense that you're weakening! You wouldn't want me to take back your powers and be stuck with the losers, would you?!
Sole Crusher:::No one will tell me what to do.
Marinette::: No!
Tikki::: Marinette!
Marinette:::Tikki! You followed me? Way to go!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah! 
Cat Noir::: The bigger they get, the harder they fall.
Ladybug:::Sorry, I got held up.
Cat Noir:::We're not getting anywhere with this. If worst comes to worstI might have to cataclysm her before she destroys the whole city!
Ladybug:::No way! We don't know what will happen if you hit her directly! It could be fatal! Lucky Charm!A... shoe horn? Of course! The akuma must be hiding in her shoes!
Cat Noir::: Let me trip her up a bit, m'lady. Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: Where's... the Akuma?
Chloé:::Even as a supervillain, you're still a loser. Just look at how you're treating my priceless shoes! Go back to your sad, ugly sneakers!
Ladybug::: Sneakers?What if the Akuma isn't in these shoes, but in the sneakers Chloé was talking about? Follow me! 
Ladybug::: If Chloé lended those shoes, the sneakers must be here somewhere. 
Sabrina::: Five more minutes, I'm almost done!
Ladybug::: Chloé's sister's sneakers, where are they?!
Sabrina::: Huh? What? I don't know! 
Ladybug::: She must have her own room!
André:::Ladybug! Cat Noir! You're going to save us again, aren't you?
Ladybug::: Mr. Mayor?
André::: I hid in here when I witnessed poor little Zoé getting akumatized.
Cat Noir::: You mean you saw everything?
Ladybug::: Do you know where her sneakers are?
Cat Noir:::Don't you find it strange that Sole Crusher didn't follow us here?
Ladybug::: Let's make a run for it. 
André:::Promise you won't tell my wife about this? 
Sole Crusher:::You can't measure up to me! I'm going to crush. You. All! 
Ladybug:::Of course!No more evil doing for you little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly!Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug and Cat Noir:::Pound it!
Ladybug:::This is a magical charm, Zoé.With it, Shadow Moth can't get to you any longer. Always keep it with you to remember what you overcame today.
Zoé::: Thank you, Ladybug. You really are Miraculous.
Ladybug:::Bug out! 
Shadow Moth::: You may run fast, Ladybug, but I will have you at my feet one day. And then, I will crush you! 
Marinette:::Welcome aboard, Zoé. 
Chloé:::Zoé's about to toss Dupain-Cheng's macarons right into the Seine! It's going to be spectacular.
Marinette::: Let me introduce you to everyone. Guys.This is Zoé. She just arrived here from New York.
Adrien::: Hi.
Luka::: Hi.
Mylène::: Hello.
Zoé::: I'm... really sorry about today. I thought that if I did everything Chloé wanted me to, she'd accept me. I just wanted to meet my family's expectations. Which is why I left New York in the first place. At the boarding school, I was playing a part; being someone else, hoping they'd accept me. But finally, I just couldn't anymore. That's when everyone turned against me, and one day, I found roaches in my locker. They all said I was a loser. Maybe they were right. I get that I'm different, and... I'd understand if you guys didn't want me as a friend.
Mylène::: We're all one big, happy family. 
Rose::: You'll be fine with us!
Marinette::: You'll never have to leave again, Zoé. Welcome to Paris.
Chloé:::Wait, wait... What is she doing? Ew! Don't eat that! You're going to get infected with her lameness!I order you to fire her! 
Chloé:::Daddy! Order her to return my shoes at once!And I demand she be sent back to New York immediately! Exactly the way she came!
André::: Of course, of course! However, uh...
Audrey::: Is there a problem, André?
André::: Well, what I mean is: with all the paperwork needed to enrol her in another boarding school, we won't be rid of her for months. Maybe we could just, er... put her somewhere else...?
Chloé:::In the cellar.
André::: Excellent idea, in the cellar. Or at least a room in another wing of the hotel...?
Chloé::: Well! A smaller room than mine!
André::: Of course! Miniscule. Barely even the size of a junior suite!
Chloé::: And see to it that we never cross paths again!
André:::She'll take the service elevator with the staff.
Zoé::: Thank you. Promise me that you won't leave your dreams too long down in that cellar.
André::: I promise. Come on.You're going to love your new room.
Marinette:::Zoé sent me a text.
Zoé:::Thank you for everything.
Zoé:::You were right, I can be myself here. Because you and the others will always be there for me.
Zoé:::Because you and the others will always be there for me.
Zoé:::For the first time in my life, I actually feel at home!
