Master Fu::: Great work, Marinette. Thanks to you, Parisians can rest easy tonight.
Marinette:::I can't wait to do the same. Good night, Master.
Tikki::: Marinette, you forgot to mention the school field trip.
Marinette::: It's not like I'll be able to go anyway.
Master Fu::: What field trip?
Marinette::: Oh, the whole class is taking the train to London tomorrow to see Big Ben. But if Hawk Moth creates a supervillain while I'm away, Cat Noir won't be able to capture the Akuma on his own, which means I have to stay. Too bad, tough life of a superhero, besides I'm too exhausted to go anyway.
Master Fu::: Wait, the Horse Miraculous can be used to teleport back to Paris in the event of an Akuma situation. 
Marinette::: That's so cool! Thank you, Master.
Master Fu::: Ladybug definitely deserves a bit of fun, just like all young people her age.
Adrien::: See you tonight!Hawk Moth already struck last night, so there's no chance there'll be another Akumatization today.
Plagg::: A day of vacation, finally! Far from Paris and those annoying akumas. Good idea, Adrien.
Roger:::Trash must be thrown inside the trashcan or it's littering, he's getting a fine!
Sabrina::: No, please, don't dad! You'll make me miss the train, you know that Chloé's relying on me!
Roger::: But the law is the law, sweetie. 
Sabrina::: But you're not on duty yet, are you? Right now you don't have to be anything but my dear, sweet daddy. 
Civilian 1::: You backed right into me!
Civilian 2:::You backed into me! No, you backed into me!
Hawk Moth::: A frustrated police officer with a passion for justice who has his hands tied... the ideal preyFly away my little akuma, and evilize him!
Roger:::Another polluter! That driver's getting a fine, his vehicle does not meet city standard! 
Sabrina::: Daddy! 
Phone Alarm:::Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina! 
Hawk Moth:::What's happening? I can feel the anger receding! Fly faster my akuma, catch up with him!
Smart Watch::: You have no new emails.
Claudie:::Who wants a sneak peak of the Startrain's operator cab!
Marinette, Alya, and Max::: Yeah!
Alya::: Thanks, Mrs. Kanté, this will make an awesome exclusive for my astronomy blog!
Marinette::: You've started another blog?
Alya::: I can't help it, life is so interesting!
Marinette:::Hey! Isn't that Adrien? 
Markov::: Affirmative, Marinette! That is indeed Adrien Agreste!
Max::: There was less than a point two three percent chance his father would allow him to come.
Marinette::: Alya! This trip is gonna be amazing!
Nino:::Adrien, whoa! What are you doing here?
Adrien::: I'm tired of my father keeping me from going on school field trips.
Nino::: You're disobeying him, dude?
Adrien::: Technically not, because I didn't tell him about this one!
Nino::: That's sneaky smart, my dude. 
Claudie::: The operator must keep his or her hand on here throughout the whole journey between Paris and London. It's called the Deadman switch and -
Alya:::What would happen if you took your hand off it?
Claudie::: The train would come to a stop.
Marinette::: Even for just a second?
Claudie::: It's the safety switch in case the operator feels faint, for example.
Max::: That's why I've always loved traveling with my mom by train. Trains get from point A to B within the given time they're programmed, and they're safe.
Markov::: Programming is the best!
Alya::: Have you always wanted to drive a train? 
Claudie::: I always want to be a driver, yes, but my true dream is to be an astronaut, to drive a rocket across the universe! I decided to operate trains so I could be here while Max is growing up. A space mission lasts several months -I can never be away from my Maxie-poo that long, but now my son's a young man.
Max::: My mom's taking the exams to start her astronaut training. 
Marinette::: That's amazing! 
Claudie::: I'm expecting the test results today. 
Smart Watch::: You have no new emails. 
Max::: It's too early mom! The official documents said 11 a.m., you'll get them during the train ride.
Claudie::: If I pass the test, this trip will probably be my last. The next time I drive, I'll be manning the controls of a space shuttle, taking the next space crew to the moon!
Max::: You have an eighty nine point seven percent change of passing.
Claudie:::That still leaves a ten point three percent chance of failing.
Max::: I believe in you, you're the best! 
Roger::: You're only going for the day, why do you need such a huge suitcase?
Sabrina:::I have to be prepared for anything Chloé needs, daddy. In the event of a hair crisis, in case Chloé wants a cup of her favorite tea!
Roger::: I'm proud of you, sweetie. To protect and serve, that's our Raincomprix family motto!
Phone Alarm:::Hurry up, Sabrina! Hurry up, Sabrina! 
Sabrina::: Chloé's waiting for me! See you tonight, daddy. 
Roger:::All right, that's it, you're getting a fine!
Hawk Moth:::I can't feel any negative emotions anymore! What's gone wrong? Where's my akuma?
Announcer::: Final boarding for train number 8065, platform number 23.
Chloé:::Ugh, finally, you're here!
Miss Bustier::: You're probably gonna be hot in those clothes, Chloé!
Chloé::: May I remind you, Miss Bustier, that it's always cold in London!
Sabrina::: Don't worry, Chloé! I've brought heating pads and an English weather survival kit! 
Miss Bustier::: But, where are you two going? Our car is this way!
Sabrina::: It's all right, Miss Bustier! The mayor of Paris made arrangements for his daughter to be in first class! I'm just taking Chloé's suitcase there. I'll be right back! 
Chloé::: You're still here?
Sabrina::: Oh! Sorry, Chloé. 
Chloé::: I want my seat completely reclined. 
Sabrina::: Yes, of course, Chloé. 
Chloé::: Mask!
Sabrina::: Oh! 
Adrien:::It's Big Ben!
Marinette:::That was so embarrassing.
Alya::: You're too funny, girl. But why are you so tired? What were you doing all night?
Marinette:::I - Oh - I... tried to come up with a plan, to find a way to tell Adrien that - um, well, you know.
Alya::: You know what your problem is? You make too many plans. Just be yourself and go with the flow.
Service Drone 1:::Hello, would you like a beverage?
Service Drone 2:::Hello, would you like a beverage?
Marinette::: Cranberry juice, please?Want anything?
Alya::: Apple juice. 
Service Drone::: Hello, would you like a beverage?
Markov::: Hello, what's your name? Hello?
Max::: It's not programmed to chat, Markov. It's just a service drone.
Markov:::What a shame!
Smart Watch::: You have no new emails. 
Alya::: Would you mind swapping seats, Adrien? I wanna chat with Nino.
Adrien::: Sure! 
Adrien's Headphones::: Lesson Three...
Alya:::Hey!
Mylène:::Rose! 
Juleka::: Awesome.
Alya:::Need something, Lila?
Lila::: Uh! Actually, I get motion sickness and I know Marinette always has a solution to everything.
Alya::: I get it, but she's asleep right now, as you can see, and she's super exhausted so...
Sabrina::: I can help you Lila! I have just what you need in my suitcase!
Lila::: Thanks a million, Sabrina! You're so sweet. 
Smart Watch::: You have no new emails.
Claudie:::Something's not right.Ladies and gentlemen, Startrain will be under the sea via the Channel Tunnel in just a few moments!
Kim:::Awesome! 
Chloé::: Well, how about that? You happy now? You woke me up!
Sabrina::: Oh! I'm so sorry, Chloé!
Chloé::: Well, now that I'm awake, I might as well have some herbal tea.
Sabrina::: Of course, Chloé. I'll take care of that right away. 
Chloé:::Calm down, everyone! I'm sure you all recognize me, of course. I'm Chloé Bourgeois, and as you well know, I'm also Queen Bee! Whatever you do, don't panic... but there's an Akuma.
Chloé:::Everyone get out of this car right now! 
Hawk Moth:::I've lost contact, my Akuma's too far away!
1st Passenger::: You sure it's really an Akuma?
2nd Passenger::: It looks more like a harmeless butterfly.
Sabrina::: Chl- I mean, Queen Bee knows what she's talking about. Trust me!
Chloé::: What're you doing in your swimming trunks?
Kim:::Well, we're about to go under the sea!
Chloé::: Ugh! You are ridiculous, Kim! Utterly ridiculous!
Passenger Nicole::: I'm scared, Jean-Pierre.
Passenger Jean-Pierre::: Don't worry, Nicole. If it were a real Akuma, there'd already be a supervillain on the train by now. 
Kid Passenger::: Daddy, do you think Ladybug will come?
Passenger Jean-Pierre::: Of course not, sweetie. I'm sure there isn't an Akuma on board at all. It's probably just some prank. 
Chloé::: Your daddy doesn't have a clue. It really is an Akuma.
Simon::: It's definitely an Akuma. I should know, I was once akumatized myself!
Sabrina::: There's zero risk to anyone now, anyway. Since the amazing Queen Bee has shut the car doors, taking the akuma prisoner!
Nino::: Nothin' there.
Alya::: Probably just Chloé needing some attention again.
Nino::: C'mon, let's head back to our seats. 
Smart Watch::: You have no new emails.
Claudie::: That's impossible! I can't have failed! I'll never be an astronaut.Who cares about the results of that stupid exam? I can become an astronaut - right here and now! 
Startrain:::Ladies and gentlemen, I am Startrain!You all get to live my dream with me! Shoot off the rails, and fly off in a rocket to explore not just the moon, but the entire universe!
Max::: Mom!?
Startrain:::Fasten your seatbelts! We have liftoff!
Various Passengers::: Wow! Whoa!
Kim::: See, I was right to change into my swimming trunks!
Juleka:::This... is... spacy!
Alya::: I don't think Ladybug and Cat Noir are gonna make it up here to save us!
Marinette::: Uh, maybe we can persuade your mom to change back, Max? 
Nathalie::: Sir. You should take a look at this. 
Nadja Chamack::: An observation satellite took these amazing photos earlier. 
Gabriel::: So, that's why I lost touch with my akuma! It's too far out of range.
Nathalie::: There's another problem. Adrien's class is on the train, and your son is on the passenger list!
Gabriel::: He's up in space! And there's nothing I can do.
Nathalie::: I'm sure Ladybug and Cat Noir will rescue him.
Gabriel::: Hoping that my enemies will save my son... How ironic.
Max::: Mom!
Startrain:::Max! You see this!? I'm Startrain!
Max::: You have to take us back down to Earth. You can go into space once you pass the exam!
Startrain:::Why? Now I have a hundred percent chance of traveling the universe! And I get to take you with me, too! Isn't this fantastic?
Marinette::: We must get to the operator's cabin to take control of the train, and drive it back home. 
Alya::: And, how do you plan on taking down the super-villain?
Nino::: No one here has any super powers!
Chloé::: No, but you do have a super-heroine with you!
Marinette::: We have two things in our favor: the element of surprise, and the fact that there are a lot of us!
Adrien::: Good point, Marinette. 
Startrain:::Oh, where do you think you're going? Don't you wanna sit back and relax!I don't want anyone to get hurt! So stay in your seats and enjoy the view!
Marinette:::No peace for Ladybug, obviously.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug? But, how did you get here?
Ladybug::: Teleportation! Courtesy of the Horse Miraculous. And, you?
Cat Noir::: I... was already on the train! Lucky, huh? Just like what they say about black cats?
Ladybug::: No one must know that you were one of the passengers! 
Cat Noir::: There're hundreds of people on the train! I'm just a cat in a hay stack.
Ladybug::: Well, I guess you're right. Let's go and stop Startrain! 
Cat Noir::: Why don't we use the Horse Miraculous to teleport the train back to Earth?
Ladybug::: That would be pointless. She could make the train take off again just as quickly. We must capture the Akuma first!
Cat Noir::: But if we do it while the train's up here in space, we'll all freeze and have no air to breathe.
Ladybug::: Which is why we must first reach Startrain, then capture the Akuma, and teleport back to Earth at the same time! 
Classmates::: Ladybug? Cat Noir?
Alya:::Have you been on the train with us the whole time?
Ladybug::: Of course not! We teleported here using a special Miraculous.
Cat Noir:::We're handling this. Gather everyone together at the back of the train, please.
Miss Bustier::: Of course. Everyone, please follow me to the back of the train. 
Chloé::: I hope you remembered to bring my miraculous.
Ladybug::: Uh... actually...
Cat Noir::: We... didn't know you were going to be here, otherwise we would've, for sure.
Cat Noir::: Reinforced plexiglass! Unbreakable, except for my... Cata - !
Ladybug:::No, wait! We might need it when we're face-to-face with Startrain.
Cat Noir::: Max!
Max:::Huh? 
Startrain:::Looks like we have some intruders.You better give up if you don't wanna fly too close to the sun! 
Max::: Got it!
Cat Noir::: Well done!
Ladybug::: Max! Markov! We need you to come with us to open the next door.
Max::: But isn't it too dangerous?
Cat Noir::: We'll protect you. 
Cat Noir::: What's happening?
Ladybug::: We gotta be ready for anything! Lucky Charm!I can't find any -
Markov::: Max! My circuits are overheating! 
Max::: What're we gonna do? Markov's having a meltdown!
Ladybug::: You have to finish the job, otherwise we're all gonna toast inside this car! 
Cat Noir::: She wasn't kidding, it feels like we're really close to the sun!
Cat Noir:::Wooh! We almost got cooked in there!
Markov::: I think we should classify this as a code red situation!
Max:::Good job.
Cat Noir::: You two make an awesome pair, too. Just like me and milady.
Ladybug:::Markov! Check the oxygen level in the next car.
Markov:::It's decreasing quickly!
Ladybug::: Startrain is creating a void!
Max::: The temperature inside will soon be close to absolute zero!
Cat Noir::: Max won't be able to hold on in these conditions without super powers!
Ladybug:::Max Kanté, here's the Miraculous of the horse, which grants the power of Teleportation. You will use it for the greater good.Once the job is done, you will return the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you?
Max::: You count on me one hundred percent, Ladybug. I'll do everything I can to save my friends, and my mom! 
Kaalki::: Oh, to whom do I have the pleasure of speaking?
Max::: Uh, hello! My name's Max.
Kaalki::: Are you glorious and famous?
Ladybug::: Kaalki! We don't have time for that! Max is perfect for the job, trust me. We're going to the last car, to the door leading to the driver's cab, that's where Startrain is.
Cat Noir::: Gonna have to be fast and in sync.
Ladybug::: While I handle Startrain and Cat Noir uses his Cataclysm, we need you, Max, to teleport the train back to Earth! So that I can summon up my Miraculous Ladybug, so everything gets fixed!
Max::: Got it!
Kaalki::: All you need to say is:'Kaalki, full gallop!' 
Max::: Kaalki, full gallop!
Pegasus::: 
Startrain:::I was expecting you - my dear, super passengers. You can't stop me from living out my galactic dream, I shall conquer the universe!
Startrain:::My little drones! Attack! 
Markov:::I'm... getting... cold...!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: Hah! 
Startrain::: Ah!
Ladybug::: Pegasus!
Pegasus::: Voyage! 
Pegasus:::I'm sorry, it looks like I kinda got the spatial coordinates wrong.
Cat Noir:::Well, I heard your class was supposed to be visiting Big Ben. 
Ladybug:::Miraculous Ladybug! 
Ladybug:::Bye bye, little butterfly!
Max, Ladybug, and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Ladybug:::Thank you, Max.
Kim:::Yeah, that was cool -
Miss Bustier:::Children! Please, all aboard! Back to London!
Smart Watch::: You have one new email.
Max::: Hey, mom! 
Claudie:::I passed!
Max:::I told you, mom! You're the best! That's one hundred percent certain.
Nino:::I'm gettin' the feeling that was your first, and last, field trip.
Adrien::: That's okay. At least, I got to see Big Ben, right?
Nino::: Sure did! No one's seen it as close up as we did! Too bad we got separated at the end.
Adrien::: We'll go back there together some day.See ya.
Marinette:::Oh, no! Poor Adrien! This trip was a total disaster.
Alya::: A total disaster? Really? 
