Nadja:::The stone beings are scattered all over Paris, and for the time being, they are showing no signs of movement.Police have cordoned off the area.
André:::We won't stop until we find a way to get these people back to their normal selves, but for now, we're not making much headway.
Nadja::: Paris is relying on our new guardian angels, Ladybug and Cat Noir, to save us all. Our lives depend on them.
Tom:::Listen, I know how upsetting and scary this is, but don't worry, sweetie; we've got two superheroes looking out for Paris, and the best way of helping them is to show them that we're not scared, because we trust them. 
Marinette::: But what if Ladybug fails? 
Tom::: Then I'd come and save you.Super Baker to the rescue!
Marinette:::Thanks, Super Dad!
Nathalie::: Hmm, what's he doing?Adrien?
Gabriel:::You didn't see him leave? If anything has happened to my son, you'll be held responsible!
Plagg::: You're such a strange kid. Who would want to be at school when he can stay at home all day?
Adrien::: You don't get it, Plagg. I've had enough of being shut up at home by my dad. I want to meet people and make friends! Go to a normal school like everyone else!
Plagg:::Uhhh, I think I'm feeling weak…
Adrien::: You know what's strange?The fact that all you eat is this disgusting, rotten-smelling Camembert cheese, and then I have to smell like it 24/7. That's strange. 
Plagg:::If you want to be able to transform into a superhero, then stinky cheese is the deal, my friend! 
Alya::: Ladyblog,bringing you all the latest news about the coolest superhero, Ladybug! How awesome is that?!Check out the number of views since I posted the video!
Marinette::: But why do you trust Ladybug so much? All these stone beings…
Alya:::She's gonna handle 'em.
Marinette::: But what if she's not really cut out to be a superhero even though everyone thinks she is?
Alya::: What are you talking about, girl? Oh, wait.I know what this is about.You're scared, but don't be! I've seen her with my own two eyes, girl! Ladybug is a true superheroine! She's going to protect us all! I believe in her. 
Alix:::So you really don't remember anything?
Juleka::: You were totally going ballistic. It was so cool!
Kim::: You were seriously out to crush me, dude!
Ivan::: Oh, I'm sorry… I wasn't myself…
Chloé::: Pff!Once a monster, always a monster.Don't let the door hit you on the way out!
Hawk Moth::: Yes… feel the burn of those words. Lose your temper, Ivan! Your akuma awaits you. 
Nathalie::: Adrien! Don't do this! Your father will be furious!
Adrien::: Tell him you got here too late. Please!
Alya::: How could you say that to Ivan? You're the real Stoneheart.
Chloé::: Ugh, so I'm the one who broke Sabrina's dad's arm, am I? Just because your footage of those lame superheroes was shown on TV, doesn't mean you have to get so high and mighty. 
Alya::: You little…
Chloé::: Look out, she's angry! She's going to split her underwear and turn into a huge muscly monster! 
Adrien::: Hey, Chloé!
Chloé::: Adrikins! You came!
Nathalie:::I'll handle it.
Marinette::: You know, you should tell Mylène how you feel.
Ivan::: I… don't know what you're talking about.
Marinette::: Come on, I saw the way you look at her. No! No negative emotions, Ivan. What I mean is, be positive. I'm sure Mylène has feelings for you too. Go talk to her.
Ivan::: I'm no good with words anyway.
Marinette::: But… who needs words? You could draw her a picture, send her flowers…
Ivan::: I could… write her a song?
Marinette::: That's a great idea! What girl wouldn't want a love song written especially for her? Go for it, Ivan, and, uh–, stay positive.
Hawk Moth::: Negative emotions… They're fading! Ughhhh….
Unknown Boy::: Could I have your autograph, please?
Unknown girl::: Adrien, can I have an autograph, Adrien, I'm a huge fan!
Chloé::: Wow. This is your seat, Adrikins. I saved it for you. Right in front of me!
Adrien::: Thanks, Chloé.Uh… Hey! Adrien. 
Nino::: You're friends with Chloé, then, huh?
Adrien:::Hey! What's that all about?
Chloé::: The brats that sat here yesterday need a little attitude adjustment. I'm just commanding a bit of respect, that's all.
Adrien::: You think that's really necessary?
Chloé::: Ah, you've got a lot to learn about school culture, Adrikins. Watch the master.
Marinette::: Alya, wouldn't you like to be a superhero and go out and fight monsters and villains?
Alya::: Totally! I'm not scared of anyone! Why?
Marinette::: Oh! No reason… 
Marinette::: Hey! What are you doing?
Adrien::: Uhhh… I…
Marinette::: Okay. I get it. Good job, you three. Very funny.
Adrien::: No, no, I was just trying to take this off!
Marinette::: Oh, really?
Marinette::: You're friends with Chloé, right?
Adrien::: Why do people keep saying that? 
Chloé::: Now do you see what I mean about respect?
Marinette::: I know I've seen him somewhere before.Of course! He's the son of my fave fashion designer, Gabriel!
Alya::: Daddy's Boy, teen supermodel, AND Chloé's buddy? Ha! Forget it.
Nino::: Why didn't you tell them it was Chloé's idea?
Adrien::: I've known Chloé since I was a little kid. I know she's not perfect, but I can't throw her under the bus. She's like my only friend.
Nino::: I'm Nino, and it's time for you to make some new friends, dude. 
Mylène:::Oh no, I'm gonna be late. Ahh! Ivan, you scared me.
Ivan::: I made this for you.Mylène, be serene, don't be so mean!
Hawk Moth::: Yes. This is what I've been waiting for. You know the way, evil akuma. Track down your prey! Fly away and evilize him! 
Hawk Moth:::This is your second chance, Stoneheart, and this time you have extra help. No one will stop you from capturing the love of your life. Just remember, I'll need something in return.
Miss Bustier::: Agreste, Adrien?
Nino:::You say present.
Adrien:::Uh, present! 
Miss Bustier::: Bourgeois, Chloé?
Chloé::: Present!
Miss Bustier::: Bruel, Ivan?
Stoneheart:::Present! Mylène? 
Mylène::: Let go of me, Ivan!
Stoneheart::: I'm not Ivan anymore. I'm Stoneheart.
Mylène::: Why are you doing this?
Stoneheart::: So you and I can be together forever!
Chloé:::Daddy, the monster is back! 
Mylène::: Put us down, Ivan!
Alya:::Come on! Let's follow him!
Marinette::: Uh… Oh, no. You go. I'm finding myself a safe place to hide.
Alya::: Girl, you're gonna miss Ladybug in action!
Marinette:::You and Ladybug will both be better off without me.
Alya::: If you say so! 
Marinette::: Wait! Your bag! 
Adrien::: My first day of school and I don't even make it past roll call.
Plagg::: A day off? Now that's what I'm talking about!
Adrien::: Oh, no no no no. We've got homework to do.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Chloé::: You have no idea who you're dealing with. My daddy, the mayor, will bring in the police, the army, the entire cavalry!
Cat Noir::: And don't forget the superheroes!Oh no. My bad.
Chloé::: Ugh. Super incompetent, you mean.
Stoneheart::: Ugh! You wanted the cavalry? Well, here it is!Seize him!
Mylène:::Watch out!Ivan! Where are we going?
Stoneheart::: To deliver a message. Then we'll be brought together forever by a pretty black butterfly.
Chloé::: Ugh. All this lovey-dovey stuff is making me sick.
Stoneheart::: Don't worry, little monster. I'm gonna take care of you, too. 
Cat Noir::: If you can hear me, Ladybug, I could use a little help!
Alya::: What's she waiting for?
Cat Noir::: Let go, you rockhead!
Alya::: HELP!!
Tikki:::Mmmm!
Marinette::: I think I need Ladybug!
Tikki::: I knew you'd come around!
Marinette::: Well, I'm still not sure I'm up for this, but Alya's in danger. I can't sit back and do nothing.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Ladybug::: You can't stay here. It's too dangerous.
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! Extend it!Sorry I was late.
Cat Noir::: M'lady, have I ever told you you turn my world upside down?
Ladybug::: Oh, you're quite the jokester, aren't you?But your comedic timing needs work. We gotta get out of here!
Cat Noir::: Hey, aren't we going to take care of 'em?
Ladybug:::No. If we wanna save them all, then we go to the source. That one!
André:::I demand my daughter's safe return!
Chloé::: Daddy!!
Stoneheart::: You know what? You're welcome to her! 
Chloé::: Help! I promise I'll be nice to everyone, say please and thank you all AH!I didn't promise.
Ladybug::: What?
André::: My little princess…
Roger::: We're clear to attack!
Ladybug::: Wait! No, don't attack them! You know it'll only make it worse!
Roger::: I have a new plan, unlike you! Move aside and let the pros do their thing. You've already failed once!
Ladybug::: …He's right, you know. If I had captured Stoneheart's akuma the first time around, none of this would have happened! I knew I wasn't the right one for this job…
Cat Noir::: No. He's wrong, because without you, she'd no longer be here.And because without us, they won't make it, and we'll prove that to 'em. Trust me on this. Okay?
Ladybug::: Okay.
Hawk Moth::: People of Paris, listen carefully. I am Hawk Moth.
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Hawk Moth?
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, give me the ladybug earrings and the cat ring now. You've done enough damage to these innocent people!
Ladybug:::Nice try, Hawk Moth, but we know who the bad guy is. Let's not reverse the roles here. Without you, none of these innocent victims would be transformed into villains. Hawk Moth, no matter how long it takes, we will find you, and YOU will hand us YOUR Miraculous!Time to de-evilize!Let me make this promise to you. No matter who wants to harm you, Ladybug and Cat Noir will do everything in our power to keep you safe! 
Cat Noir::: Wow. Whoever she is beneath that mask, I love that girl.
Hawk Moth::: Agh! That's the problem with superheroes. They're too… heroic! Stoneheart, they're trying to take your loved one away from you. You must snatch their Miraculouses so they will be powerless against you!
Stoneheart::: Okay, Hawk Moth.
Mylène::: Help me!
Stoneheart::: You'll never take Mylène from me! Come to me, my stone beings! 
Cat Noir::: We're surrounded! What do we do now? We can't attack him.
Ladybug::: Yes, but we know where the akuma is.
Cat Noir::: In his clenched fist. The one he's holding Mylène with. So…
Ladybug::: So we know he's in love with her. That's it! We don't separate Stoneheart and Mylène: we bring them closer together! They're made for one another! It's just that they don't know it yet.
Cat Noir::: Ugh. Not really following you, but guess I better trust you. Something tells me that this is how it's gonna be from here on out.
Mylène::: Help! I'm scared of heights!
Ladybug::: Everything's gonna be alright!
Cat Noir::: How are you planning to get them closer than they already are?
Ladybug::: By using our powers! parachute appears) A parachute? What am I supposed to do with this?
Cat Noir:::You sure you know what you're doing?
Ladybug::: We'll find out soon enough!His hand! Get ready! 
Ladybug::: Home run!No more evil-doing for you, little akuma. De-evilize— Huh?
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, take care of Ivan!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! 
Cat Noir::: Whoa. Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Ladybug::: Yeah. It's beautiful and amazing. It's… uh… miraculous!
Hawk Moth::: This is just the beginning, Ladybug. You and Cat Noir may have won this battle, but I will win the war. I will get your Miraculouses. I will get the absolute power! And then my secret dream will come true!
Ladybug::: I think you two have things to talk about. Hm?
Ivan:::Oh, uh… I… Uh…
Ladybug::: Maybe it would help if you read the lyrics to Ivan's song. 
Mylène:::Wow, it's really beautiful. It's a shame you can't hear them when you scream. I mean, when you sing.
Ivan::: It was scary, wasn't it. Is that why you left? I'm sorry, I'll be gentle. 
Ladybug::: Oh, they're so made for each other.
Cat Noir::: Like us two. 
Ladybug::: Uh oh. You see that? Time to split. See you soon, Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: Can't wait, m’lady. 
Alya::: So, by the time I biked to the Eiffel Tower, it was all over. I'm way bummed.
Marinette::: Don't worry. You'll get your scoop eventually.
Alya::: You're right. Next target: Ladybug, an exclusive interview!
Marinette::: Ooh. Sounds exciting.
Alya::: Oh, wait! Even better: finding out who's really under that mask.
Marinette::: Uh-huh. Good luck with that one.
Gabriel::: You disobeyed me, Adrien. Take a look at that school.
Adrien::: Yes, Father. 
Gabriel::: You will never, I say, never go back there again…
Adrien::: Father, no…
Gabriel::: Without your bodyguard. He will drop you off and pick you off every day. Nathalie has offered to organize you a new schedule. You'll be continuing your music, Chinese, and fencing classes and your photoshoots.
Adrien::: Thank you, Nathalie. Thank you, Father! 
Marinette::: No, wait. 
Chloé::: Uhh… You're in the wrong seat. Go on, get lost!
Marinette::: All that is necessary for the triumph of evil, is that good people do nothing!
Chloé::: What is that supposed to mean?
Marinette::: It means that I'm not putting up with your crud anymore, Chloé, and neither is anyone else around here, so take your attitude and go on, get lost! 
Alya::: Good job!
Nino::: Dude, you wanna make friends, right? Well, go talk to Marinette. You know, about the chewing gum.
Adrien::: But what should I say to her?
Nino::: Just be yourself.
Adrien::: Hey.I just wanted you to know that I was only trying to take the chewing gum off your seat. I swear. I've never been to school before. I've never had friends. It's all sort of new to me.
Adrien::: See you tomorrow. 
Marinette::: Uh-huh!… see you to…mo… tomo… Haha! Whoa, why am I stammering?
Tikki::: Hey! I think I might have an idea! 
Plagg:::First day of school and we already have two lovebirds.
Adrien::: Whatever. She's just a friend. Oh… a friend… 
Wayzz::: Excellent choice, Master.
Wang Fu:::Those two are made for each other.
