Adrien::: Father?
Adrien::: I'll have to talk to my father later! 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out! 
Ladybug:::Spots off. 
Marinette:::It's all over, Tikki.
Tikki::: He'll be back, Marinette. He's just going on a voyage!
Marinette:::Of course, Voyage! Ladybug may have failed, but Pegabug will bring him back! And together we'll go talk to his father!
Tikki::: You wanna use the Miraculous of the Horse and teleport yourself, just for that?
Marinette::: I'm ready to risk everything to not lose Adrien! Tikki, spots on! 
Ladybug::: Tikki, Kaalki, unify—
Ladybug::: Okay, I guess I'll have to deal with this small problem first, but I'll be back to save you soon, Adrien!
Nathalie:::Try to make the most out of this trip, Adrien. You're about to discover the world, and then you'll return to all of your friends and your father with fantastic memories to share with them.
Félix::: You're right, Nathalie. You have to seize the opportunity when it presents itself to you.
Lila::: And we'll end up being the best friends in the world, since we're going to see it all together.
Félix::: I hope so with all my heart. Please excuse me for a moment.
Félix::: Ah, here we go. Attach the brooch. Okay, that's done. The kwami comes out of the jewel. Say the magic words, 'Duusu, spread my feathers'. Duusu, spread my feathers!
Félix::: It's a fake!
Cat Noir::: Okay, m'lady. Let's wrap this one up quickly. I've got... a full schedule.
Ladybug::: Fine by me, kitty cat. I've got some urgent stuff to attend to. 
Shadow Moth::: My dear akumatized friend, sing as much as you can. We must ensure that Ladybug and Cat Noir will take countless risks today.
Risk:::I'm Froggy, here I come. I'm not afraid of anyone. 
Parisian 1::: Hey, if we wait a bit, we should see Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Parisian 2::: I'm gonna get so many likes for this!
Shadow Moth::: Unleash your power, Strikeback!
Parisian 2::: Check that out!
Parisian 2::: I gotta get a video!
Ladybug::: What's wrong with you? It's dangerous to stay here, shoo!
Cat Noir::: Hey, little buddy old pal! Over here!
Ladybug::: Don't stay here, otherwise you risk getting hit by the bad guy! 
Risk:::I'm Froggy, here I come. I'm not afraid of anyone. 
Cat Noir::: Come on, no time to waste! Cata—
Ladybug:::What are you doing? 
Ladybug::: Who knows what your power would do directly on an akumatized person? And if it's a sentimonster, a cataclysm would send it out of control!
Ladybug::: No way, it's too risky.
Cat Noir:::That's the problem with you. You never want to take any risks.
Ladybug::: Of course, I do! I take risks all the time!
Cat Noir::: Oh yeah? Would you risk knowing who I really am behind my mask?
Ladybug::: You know very well that—
Cat Noir::: Our identites have to remain secret, I know.So why do you know the identities of the other holders? So why not me?
Ladybug::: I already told you, if I knew who you were, Shadow Moth would only need to akumatize me to get to you. I'm doing this to protect you.
Cat Noir::: I don't need you to protect me. We'll never get akumatized!
Ladybug::: You don't know what you're talking about.
Cat Noir::: Maybe because you never talk to me about anything!
Rena Furtive:::Ladybug, watch out!
Ladybug::: Nice one, Rena.
Cat Noir:::Huh? Rena Rouge? Where is she?
Ladybug::: Uh... Rena who?
Ladybug::: Fine, she's hidden. It's best you don't know where, it's—
Cat Noir::: Risky, yeah, right. I think I get it.
Risk:::I'm Froggy, here I come. I'm not afraid of anyone. 
Ladybug::: Oh, come on, not this again! 
André::: Finally! Something more exciting than power or money: the magic of cinema!
Cat Noir::: This is no time for a film shoot, Mr. Mayor! It's pretty risky, okay?
Person on the helicopter::: Head straight for him! If he attacks us, that'll make for some great footage! 
Cat Noir::: Do you think this villain is the reason why people are acting unusual?
Ladybug::: Maybe. All I know is that we won't be able to defeat him if we keep having to save people all the time. I'll go for reinforcements. Stall him!
Ladybug:::Fighting supervillains isn't fun and games. Go find your parents. 
Risk:::I'm Froggy, here I come. I'm not afraid of anyone. 
Rena Furtive:::Ladybug, that froggy kid still isn't getting it.
Ladybug::: Not again! Quick, come with me!Vesperia, immobilize the villain!
Vesperia::: Venom!
Vesperia::: Huh... it's not working!
Purple Tigress:::Clout!
Purple Tigress::: Impossible!
Polymouse::: Multitude! 
Strikeback::: Strike Back!
Strikeback::: Strike Back!
Rena Furtive:::He can copy our powers!
Ladybug::: Don't attack them! Don't hit him anymore! Or else it'll make him even more powerful! Retreat to city hall now! 
Ryuko::: Wind dragon! 
Carapace::: Rena!Shell-ter!
The heroes::: Rena?!
Shadow Moth::: She's still active?
Rena Furtive:::I-I'm sorry. I couldn't keep it from him.
Ladybug::: We'll talk about it later.Okay, you, that's enough now. You're putting us all in danger. 
Risk:::I'm Froggy, here I come. I'm not afraid of anyone. 
Risk:::Come shine or come rain, I ain't scared 'cause you're all lame! 
Cat Noir::: I'm good with kids. I got this. 
Rena Furtive:::Ladybug, everyone's got a mark in a shape of a frog's foot on their necks.
Ladybug::: What??
Rena Furtive:::You, Cat Noir, the others, all the people of Paris... we've all got that mark!
Risk:::When Froggy's near, there's nothing to fear. Risk is my name and you're all so— 
Cat Noir::: Blind! We were blind. We're not just dealing with a sentimonster. There's also an akumatized villain!
Ladybug::: That's why we're being so careless. It's him that's making us taking all these risks!
Shadow Moth:::Now that Ladybug knows they've all been hit, she will doubt everything! And above all, herself!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, you need to de-transform!
Cat Noir::: What??
Ladybug::: Until I've de-akumatized him, I can't leave you with your cataclysm. It's too risky! Minotaurox, Purple Tigress, Polymouse, with me! We'll never be able to beat the sentimonsters until we defeat Risk! Everyone else, try to limit the damages.
Cat Noir::: But I can help... 
Ladybug::: Nothing! No akuma!
Risk::: I tricked you! You'll never find my akuma 'cause my object's hidden from you!
Ladybug::: Okay, let's split up! Keep looking!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Cat Noir::: No!
Strikeback::: Strikeback!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! No, I told him! This is a nightmare...Unless...
Superpower sequence Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug::: A ticket for the Jardin des Plantes? It's from yesterday...I know! I've gotta put an end to this madness ASAP! 
Ladybug::: Okay! I need someone who hasn't been hit.
Félix::: Farewell, Ladybug.
Ladybug:::Adrien! But I've been hit by Risk! Maybe my idea's way too risky, or is it a risk not to take this risk? Am I doing this for the love of risk, or the risk of love? 
Ladybug::: No. It's Adrien, and he doesn't have the mark. It's a good idea! Tikki, Fluff, Kaalki, unify! 
Pennybug::: Voyage!
Félix::: Who are you?
Pennybug::: Oh! It's me, Ladybug. Or rather, Ladybug with a few extra powers. Pennybug! Wait!
Pennybug:::You're alright. Adrien, I need your help.I have to find an object.
Félix::: Y... Your yo-yo gives you direct access to all the Miraculous?
Pennybug::: The ones in my Miracle Box, yes. It's a magic shortcut.
Félix::: Wow!
Pennybug::: Adrien Agreste, here is the Miraculous of the dog which will grant you the power to locate and fetch whatever your ball has touched. You will use it for the greater good, then you will return it to me.... Can I trust you?
Pennybug::: If you're doubting yourself, then trying is the only way you can gain the confidence you need.
Barkk::: Hi, I'm Barkk! The kwami of adoration! I'm so happy to have a new holder, you and I can play ball! All you have to say is, Barkk, on the hunt!
Félix::: With pleasure. Barkk, on the hunt!
Pennybug::: Thanks to your superpower, you can locate any object that you've touched before.
Flairmidable::: Oh! Uh...Like this? 
Pennybug::: No! With the ball. A light touch will be enough.
Félix::: Okay, I get it. What about the object I'm supposed to find? Where is it?
Pennybug::: In the past. Burrow!
Pennybug::: We have to find the little Boy before he was akumatized.
Flairmidable::: You can travel through time?
Pennybug:::Yes. And even though time travel is always risky, today we have to take that risk.
Froggy's Dad:::Froggy! Come back!
Pennybug::: Found it!
Pennybug::: As soon as we know which object is going to be akumatized, you have to hit it with the ball, but without anyone seeing so you don't interfere with the course of events.
Froggy's Mom::: Froggy, come back! It's time to go home!
Pennybug::: His fluffy! Of course!
Froggy::: Oh! Will it work on my parents too?
Pennybug::: Let's go, come on!
Froggy::: Yeah! 
Flairmidable::: But we don't know where he's going to hide his bag!
Pennybug::: Thanks to your power, we don't need to.
Pennybug::: Fluff, Kaalki, divide! 
Cat Noir::: Come on, bring it! I'm not scared of you!
Ladybug:::Hurry! He won't last long!
Flairmidable:::Fetch!
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, megakuma!Miraculous Ladybug!
Cat Noir:::Yeah, uh- actually, how about we continue this later? You guys stay right there, okay? 
Ladybug::: Awesome! Well done! You did what's needed to be done on your first try. I knew you were the one I needed! You really are the best, Adri— I mean...
Flairmidable::: Flairmidable. Call me Flairmidable.
Ladybug::: It really suits you!
Ladybug and Flairmidable::: Pound it! 
Ladybug::: Here you go, little buddy! Even though you're so brave that you're not scared of Shadow Moth,with this, you'll still remember to always be careful.
Froggy:::Thank you, Ladybug!
Ladybug:::Let's go recharge before dealing with these sentimonsters!
Shadow Moth::: Risk has been defeated, but Ladybug must have made a mistake of some kind, and I can't wait to see what it is. The battle is not over, Strikeback!
Ladybug::: Spots off! 
Flairmidable::: Lay down! 
Marinette::: Thanks again, Adrien. I'll take you back to the train.
Félix::: I don't wanna get back on that train. I wanna stay and fight with you.
Marinette::: What about your trip? Are you going to stand up to your father?
Félix::: Yes. You've given me the courage I need, Ladybug. I feel like from now on, nothing can stop me.
Ladybug::: Hey, everyone! Meet Flairmidable, the new holder of the Dog Miraculous.
Ladybug::: Oh, Cat Noir! Miraculous of the dog, Miraculous of the cat! Dog and cat!Funny isn't it? 
Cat Noir:::Hilarious.
Flairmidable::: Nice working with you, Cat Noir.
Ladybug::: Come on! Shake paws.
Ladybug::: I knew you two would get along. That's the magic of the Miraculous, even dogs and cats can exist in harmony! You're gonna be spending a lot of time together now that he's joined the team!Forever.Ready Miraculous team?
Superpower sequence Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!
Ladybug::: Since we can't attack them, we're gonna trap them. We'll be cunning, no needless risks. Rooster Bold, since you can choose you power, give yourself the power to multiply objects. We'll need more pairs of sunglasses.
Rooster Bold::: Sublimation!
Ladybug::: Next, we'll lure all the sentimonsters to the same place. Carapace, you'll create a shield so that they can't escape, and finally, I'll transform into Pegabug and open a portal that the sentimonsters will fall into.
Flairmidable::: A portal where?
Ladybug:::To some place where they can never hurt anyone again.
Ladybug::: It's showtime, guys!
Carapace::: Shell-ter!
Pegabug::: Voyage!
Flairmidable::: I'm sorry.
Pegabug::: Miraculous Ladybug!
Shadow Moth::: I don't understand! Ladybug should have made a mistake! She should have taken one too many risks, she should have lost! 
Rena Furtive::: Let's rest. 
Alya:::I'm sorry. I— I couldn't lie to Nino, we share everything, you know?
Ladybug::: I get it. I share everything with my best friend,and I wasn't able to lie to her either.
Alya::: You shouldn't ever trust me with it again. It's too risky, now that Shadow Moth knows. But I don't need to be a superhero to be your friend. You know that, right? Trixx, I renounce you.
Alya:::Go get the other Miraculous back before you de-transform.
Ladybug::: Adrien? Adrien? This can't be possible. 
Gabriel::: How could the plan fail? Ladybug had to make a mistake. There's no point in going on any longer. Come back home with Adrien, cancel everything. This is all futile now.
Nathalie:::The thing is...
Flairmidable::: Ladybug did indeed make a mistake... uncle.
Nathalie:::I've lost Adrien, sir. He's no longer on the train.
Gabriel::: Félix?
Nathalie::: Sir? 
Ladybug::: Phew! There you are. I'm sorry I thought I told you we were supposed to meet up.
Adrien::: Meet up?
Ladybug::: Yes, so you could give it back to me.
Adrien::: Give what back to you?
Ladybug::: Well, the Miraculous of the dog.
Adrien::: But you didn't give me anything.
Ladybug::: Of course, I did! On the train.
Adrien::: The train? ...Félix!
Gabriel::: What do you want, Félix?
Flairmidable::: I want the real Peacock Miraculous. And you’re going to give it to me.
Gabriel::: I don't know what you're talking about.
Flairmidable::: Do you want me to tell Adrien about the secret code on the painting? Then, give me what I ask for and I'll give you something better in exchange.
Gabriel::: Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous?
Flairmidable::: No. All the other Miraculous. And this. I won't be needing it anymore. As long as Ladybug hasn't de-transformed, I only have to say one word and her yo-yo, the magic portal to the Miraculous, will be yours. Make up your mind, time is ticking. 
Gabriel::: How do I know that you won't use the Peacock Miraculous against us?
Flairmidable::: If I wanted to harm you, uncle, I would've done it a long time ago. 
Gabriel:::Duusu, I renounce you. 
Flairmidable::: Fetch!
Gabriel:::Ah! You've lost, Ladybug! Finally!
Ladybug:::The ball... of the dog... Félix... He has the yo-yo, and that means... he has the Miraculous!
Gabriel:::My greatest wish will finally come true!
Adrien:::Ladybug, try to keep calm. Think. There must be a way to get your yo-yo back.
Ladybug::: Yes, maybe if I transform back and then—
Adrien::: Go ahead,you'll be safe here.
Ladybug::: I-I don't know anymore, I— What if this is a trap? What if you're Félix?
Adrien::: If you're gonna trust me once, please let it be this time! 
Ladybug:::Spots off.. 
Marinette::: Please hurry, Tikki.We can't let them take all the Miraculous, please let there be some left, there has to be some left! 
Flairmidable::: Lay down. 
Félix::: Barkk, I renounce you. 
Tikki::: I'm done!
Marinette:::Tikki, spots on! 
Ladybug::: No! There's nothing left!
Adrien:::Ladybug...?
Ladybug:::I've lost...!
Hawk Moth::: People of Paris, Ladybug had promised to protect you. Well, she lied to you! Behold, her defeat! I took all the Miraculous from her! Now I'm more powerful than ever! From now on, I will be attacking you relentlessly. I would be everywhere probing your thoughts, steal your dreams, harnessing your deepest fears! Whatever damage I can cause, I will not stop! Unless... someone brings me Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Ladybug:::I've lost everything! 
Cat Noir:::You haven't lost me.
Ladybug::: Why don't you just give up on me? I lost all the Miraculous, I'm the worst Guardian ever! I wanted to control everything, I didn't listen to you, I lied to you, I kept you at a distance! Every time you offered me a helping hand, I never took it! I really made a mess of everything!... 
Cat Noir:::M'lady...
Cat Noir::: We're gonna get them back one by one, until the very last. And we'll make sure this never happens again!
Ladybug::: You... and me?
Cat Noir::: You, the best superhero there ever was,them, the people of Paris...
Parisians::: Ladybug! Ladybug! Ladybug! Ladybug!
Cat Noir::: And me, your loyal partner.
