Nadja:::Tonight, the wife, the great and highly respected fashion queen-
Tikki::: Honestly, Marinette, it's perfect the way it is!
Marinette:::Oh, Tikki, I don't know… I feel like it's the ugliest hat in the world and Adrien is supposed to model it in front of everyone. He'll resent me for the rest of his life! I have zero talent! And everyone's gonna find that out tonight…
Tikki::: You're a great designer, Marinette. Besides, if your hat was so ugly, why did Gabriel hand-pick it for his fashion show?
Marinette::: But what if people see that it's a synthetic pigeon feather and not a real one? They're gonna think it's lame, aren't they?
Tikki:::You did the right thing of replacing it! With that allergy of his, Adrien would be sneezing all the way down the catwalk!
Marinette::: You're right! Besides, I don't have time to make changes anyway. The show begins in…Oh, no! I'm gonna be late again! Quick, Tikki!
Nadja::: This is it! Here she comes! The international queen of fashion, director of Style Queen magazine, Audrey Bourgeois! 
Audrey::: Anthony— Uh… André, be a dear and fire the chauffeur. I can't believe Gabriel allows his staff to drive like that! 
Chloé::: And neither do I!
André::: Yes, of course, Audrey, dear.
Marinette::: Oh, no! It's Audrey Bourgeois!
Tikki::: Who?
Marinette::: Only the harshest fashion critic in the entire world. I didn't know she was coming!
Audrey:::What is this carpet? Is it fabric? Why isn't the red carpet made out of marble like I said!You're fired!Ridiculous, utterly ridiculous.
Marinette:::She's gonna hate my hat for sure!
Tikki::: I'm sure she won't! Come on, Marinette! Adrien is waiting for you. 
Nadja::: Audrey, like the slogan of your magazine says If it's in good taste; it's in Style Queen! So, what's in good taste this year?
Audrey::: Judging by the way you're dressed, you obviously don't know my dear.For your information, the trend this year is glitter.
Marinette:::Glitter?! There's no glitter on my hat! This is a fashion disaster!
Nadja::: As the editor of Style Queen, you spend a lot of time in New York. It must be nice to be with your family for a change here in Paris.
Chloé::: She's very happy to see me. By the way, Mom, I have a little something for you. 
Audrey::: Clara— Uh… Chloé, what is this?
Chloé::: Um… it's a gift?
Audrey::: Ugh, this wrapping paper is ridiculous, utterly ridiculous. You're fired.
André:::Darling, please! You can't fire Chloé. She's your daughter!
Nadja::: Audrey, how long are you planning to stay in Paris?
Audrey::: As short as possible time. 
Nadja::: Thank you. This fashion show just might be one of the most important in Gabriel's career, as evidenced by Audrey Bourgeois' presence.
Nadja:::Will the famous fashion designer who never appears in public show up for the occasion? Stay tuned to find out. Don't be bemu— 
Tikki::: Where are you going?
Marinette::: You heard Audrey Bourgeois, right? They can't let Adrien model this hat! There's not glitter on it! Zero trend-potential!
Nathalie::: Ah! There you are, Marinette. Everyone's waiting for you.
Marinette:::Uh— but— uh— actually— I, uh—
Nathalie::: The dressing rooms are that way. Hurry up, you're late.
Marinette:::Okay. 
Audrey::: What is this?
Marinette::: Uh… 
Chloé::: Uh, Mom, this is Marinette Dupain Cheng, the loser! And this is a hat she made, because she thinks she's a designer.She even signed it, look.
Marinette::: I— It's not me, it's another Marinette! I was just bringing it to, uh—
Nathalie::: Marinette! We have to go.
Adrien:::I feel awkward.
Plagg:::That's probably because you look ridiculous.
Adrien::: Hello, Marinette.
Marinette::: Oh, uh— Hallah…
Marinette::: Ooh! Sorry.
Adrien::: No worries.
Marinette and Adrien::: Sorry.
Adrien::: Oh, no! I hope it's not too hard to fix it.
Marinette::: Oh, you know, it doesn't really matter. This hat is a complete failure anyway.
Adrien::: What? No, it's not.Why would you say that?
Marinette::: Because… The queen of fashion, Audrey Bourgeois, saw it and hated it! I'm sorry, Adrien. I really messed up. I'm a total no-talent! Please don't put it on.
Adrien:::Marinette, everything's gonna be fine. Your hat looks great; I think it's awesome; so does my father. Otherwise he wouldn't have picked it for me. Look.See?
Marinette:::You got that catwalk down!
Adrien:::Really? Thank you.
Nathalie:::Ahem! We have to go. 
Tom::: Marinette! Yoo-hoo!
Sabine::: She looks nervous.
Alya::: No doubt. It's her first fashion show with her first professional piece, and not to mention: Adrien will be modeling it. 
Tom::: I'm sure it'll go just great.
Sabine:::Mmm-hmm!
Audrey::: How dilapidated is this place? And I have to share the front row with this group of low-lifes? Ridiculous!Utterly ridiculous.
Alya::: Uh, sorry, but that seat is reserved for Marinette.
Audrey::: This Marinette girl, again?
Chloé::: Let me handle this, Mother. Hey, losers! Do you know who my mother is? She's Miss Style Queen: the most powerful woman in the world of fashion. This show is for her, okay? So, get lost!
Nathalie:::Mrs. Bourgeois, Mr. Agreste has reserved a seat for you.
Audrey::: Ah, finally! 
Nathalie::: In the second row.
Audrey::: WHAT?!
Chloé::: My mother always sits in the front row.
Nathalie::: Not today.
Audrey::: This is unacceptable! Gabriel cannot do this to me! I'm the one who discovered him! Without me, he'd still be drawing his unworthy designs in his dismal, grim studio!
Nathalie::: I can offer your seat to someone else if you don't want it.
Audrey::: How dare you? You're fired.
Nathalie::: I don't work for you, I work for Mr. Agreste.
Audrey::: We'll see about that! 
Gabriel::: I'm sorry, it took some time, I know. But today, I can feel my prey has more malice in her than anyone I've ever akumatized before. She will be my masterpiece.
Gabriel's voicemail::: Please leave a message.
Nathalie::: I assume from your expression that I'm not fired.
Audrey::: This is unacceptable! I will not view a fashion show from the second row, ever!
Hawk Moth::: Tell me, my dear akumas, what will be the trend tonight?Fly away, my little Akuma, and evillize this wonderfully vile queen!
Chloé::: Mom?
André::: Audrey, dear?
Hawk Moth:::Style Queen, I am Hawk Moth. You've been refused a throne that is rightfully yours as queen of fashion. You will now be able to revenge those fashion disasters, who disrespected you!
Audrey::: They'll see who's queen, Hawk Moth. 
Alya::: All cool, girl?
Marinette::: Mm-hm. 
Style Queen::: A fashion show without the queen of style? Glitterally unacceptable!
Tom::: Is this supposed to happen? I've never attended a fashion show before.
Style Queen::: Where is that ungrateful Gabriel? I demand that he kneels before me!
Adrien::: My father isn't here!
Style Queen::: Well, then, if fashion-disaster daddy isn't here, I'll just have to settle for Agreste Junior! You're fired!
Marinette::: Adrien!
Plagg:::Uh-oh! We've got a problem! 
Hawk Moth:::Adrien! We no longer have a choice. Style Queen, you must defeat Ladybug and Cat Noir as soon as possible.
Tom::: But where is Marinette?
Marinette:::This Style Queen just made a huge faux pas!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ah!
Style Queen::: You're all fired! 
André::: Audrey, dear!Darling, sweetheart, please stop this madness.
Style Queen::: Hmm...Fired!
Chloé::: Mom!
Style Queen::: Claudine— Uh, Chloé, I'm not Mom. I am Style Queen! Do you want to be fired, too?
Chloé::: No, no, I really don't, Style Queen! Uh... besides, don't you need an assistant?
Style Queen::: Hmm... I did fire my last one this morning.
Chloé::: She sure was useless! Utterly useless!
Style Queen::: Fine, I'll take you on trial!
Ladybug:::Style Queen!
Style Queen:::What an atrocious suit! That bug looks so last year!
Ladybug::: But the yo-yo makes a strong comeback this year!
Style Queen::: You're a couple of sizes too small to beat me, Ladybug.
Chloé::: Mom- uh, Style Queen! If you want to find Gabriel, I know where he lives. You can take care of Ladybug later! She's worthless anyway.
Style Queen::: Hmm... It's not a completely idiotic idea.
Style Queen::: Courtney- uh, Chloé! Where is Gabriel?
Chloé::: He usually never leaves his house!
Hawk Moth:::Style Queen, he's hidden safely somewhere. Ladybug is protecting him.
Style Queen::: Pff! She can barely protect herself!
Hawk Moth::: You must seize Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous! If they can't save his son, then Gabriel will have to show up.
Style Queen::: Don't worry, Hawk Moth, you'll get your costume jewels.
Chloé::: Not again! Ooh!
Ladybug:::Can't she stand still for two seconds? 
Chloé:::Please, Mom, stop!
Style Queen::: Keep this for me, sleeping beauty.
Chloé::: Oh! You're not going to hurt my Adrikens, are you, Mom?
Style Queen::: Hmm! 
Chloé::: ...Uh, Style Queen?
Style Queen::: You wanna join Agreste Junior, Kylie- Uh, Chloé?Just ask, and I'll fire you!
Chloé::: No thanks, I'm good. You're right, we don't care about him.
Style Queen::: Make yourself useful, assistant. Tell me if you see Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Chloé::: Yes, Style Queen!Oh, what am I gonna do, what am I gonna do?
Style Queen:::Gabriel, if you refuse to show your face, your son will soon be nothing but glitter in the wind!
Chloé::: Oh, it doesn't break. Adrikins, wake up!
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, I don't know what you're doing, but there's a witch of a villain running loose and I really need you!
Chloé::: Psst! Ladybug! Hurry up! Adrikins is crumbling!
Ladybug::: Did you see where your mother's Akuma landed?
Chloé::: It's in the rose she put on him. Where's Cat Noir?
Ladybug::: I wish I knew.
Chloé::: You better come up with something fast, my mother is going to see you!
Style Queen:::It's really impossible to find qualified staff these days.You're fired!
Chloé::: No!
Style Queen::: Ladybug, hand over those awful earrings and let's get this over with.
Style Queen::: You still don't get it, huh, fashion victim? I... am invincible!My power is only equalled by my sense of fashion. I am invincible! 
Ladybug::: mallet appears) A mallet? What am I supposed to do with this?
Style Queen::: Haven't you got it already? You can't beat me! How could you defeat me?You can't even touch me! 
Ladybug:::Of course. 
Hawk Moth:::Let her go. She'll bring us Cat Noir. I need both of their Miraculous anyway.
Marinette::: Master Fu, Cat Noir has disappeared! I can't beat Style Queen without him! And the Lucky Charm told me to come here!
Master Fu::: Don't worry, Cat Noir is fine.
Marinette::: Well, what's he doing, then? Why isn't he helping me?
Master Fu::: He's just lost his Miraculous.
Marinette::: What?! He's just lost his Miraculous?! This is a disaster!
Plagg:::That tomcat's really gotten himself stuck up in a tree this time.
Marinette::: Uh, lemme guess, you're Cat Noir's kwami?
Plagg::: Yes, he tends to copy me a bit too much. Yet, lately, he's been doing really silly things! In five thousand years, I've never experienced such an irresponsible Miraculous owner! As a result, he's lost his ring and it's just me that's able to help you out!
Master Fu:::No! It's out of the question, Plagg! You are way too dangerous without an owner!
Plagg::: Dangerous? Me? How so?
Master Fu::: Does the disappearance of Atlantis ring a bell with you?
Plagg::: I'd had too much cheese.
Master Fu::: The Leaning Tower of Pisa? 
Plagg::: I didn't see it!
Master Fu::: Dinosaurs?!
Plagg::: Oh! Yeah… okay. No, I— I… did go too far there, but I was young.
Master Fu:::Neither Cat Noir nor Plagg can help you today.
Master Fu::: Marinette Dupain-Cheng, pick an ally you can trust to fight alongside you on this mission. Choose wisely. Such powers are meant to serve the greater good. Once the mission is over, you will retrieve the Miraculous from them.
Marinette::: I need someone who can actually immobilize my opponent.
Master Fu::: Do you have someone in mind, Marinette?
Marinette::: I know just the right person!
Style Queen::: Why, the red-spotted cockroach is coming back, but she forgot her frightful feline in black!
Hawk Moth:::Cat Noir isn't here? Nevermind, catch Ladybug and make her tell you where he's hiding. I need both Miraculous, now!
Ladybug::: Alya, don't get so close to Style Queen! It's too dangerous!
Alya::: It's hard to get a scoop when you're not in the middle of the action, Ladybug.
Ladybug:::, Well I have a scoop for you.Alya Césaire, here is the Miraculous of the bee which grants the power of subjection. You will use it for the greater good.
Alya::: Wow!
Style Queen:::Ladybug! You're out of fashion! Give up! 
Alya::: Watch out! 
Style Queen:::Where's Cat Noir? Oh, lemme guess. He's hiding because he's ashamed of his outfit.
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!A tube of glue!
Style Queen::: Glue this, bug! 
Style Queen::: You're always running away, Ladybug!
Ladybug:::Not this time!
Style Queen::: A glue diet? Ha! That's original. But I'm still going to— Ohh! 
Ladybug::: Oh, what's the matter? Do you have indigestion?
Style Queen::: How dare you? I'm gonna squash you like the nasty bug you are!
Style Queen::: Hahaha! You're no match for Style Queen, my poor Ladybug. Soon, you'll be nothing but a bad memory, like shoulder-pads!
Plagg:::Stay away from the Ladybug!
Ladybug::: Plagg!
Style Queen::: Agh, my, my. What do we have here? A talking rat?
Plagg::: Meow. Style faux pas. Cataclysm! 
Plagg:::You better hurry and fix everything!
Ladybug:::Now I get why Master Fu didn't want to let you out!
Style Queen:::Nooo!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma! Time to de-evillize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug!
Chloé::: Adrikins!I was so scared! 
Audrey::: What am I doing here? You're all fired!
Ladybug and Plagg::: Pound it!
Ladybug::: I hope Cat Noir finds his Miraculous.
Plagg::: Don't worry. I'll be on him like mold on cheese!
Chloé:::Oh, Mom, if you only knew what a great team we made! We fired a bunch of incompetence. It was awesome! We should really spend more time together. What if I went back to New York with you?
Audrey::: Don't be ridiculous, Casserole- Uh, Chloé. First I have to get back to Gabriel's fashion show.
Adrien:::Oh, the fashion show! My father is gonna worry about me. 
Ladybug::: It's on my way! I can give you a lift if you want. 
Hawk Moth::: Style Queen was my greatest masterpiece. How could she have failed? How could I have failed? What should I do now? 
Nathalie:::Sir, you took a big risk today, especially regarding Adrien.
Gabriel::: If only I could tell Adrien why I'm doing this.He would understand.
Adrien:::Thank you, Ladybug.For the lift and also… for saving my life.
Ladybug::: Well… uhm… not a mall. I mean! Not at all.I— uh… I have to go. Bye.
Tikki::: Marinette, aren't you forgetting something? You have to bring the Miraculous back to Master Fu!
Marinette::: But the magic ladybugs already brought it back, didn't they?
Tikki:::Mm-mm.
Marinette::: Wait! If they didn't then I… lost a Miraculous!I have to back to the Eiffel Tower right now! Hide Tikki! 
Tom::: Marinette, there you are. We've been looking for you everywhere in the Grand Palais. Are you okay, sweety?
Marinette::: Ah, I'm fine, thanks to Ladybug I'm no longer a glitter statue.
Sabine::: What would we do without Ladybug?
Tom::: We're finally going to get to watch the fashion show and witness the success of our daughter and her amazing hat.
Marinette::: Uh— I… Actually, I have, uh—
Tom::: No you don't. Come on! We can't miss the beginning.
Marinette:::Don't worry Tikki, no one will find the box. We'll get it right after the show. 
Audrey::: Remind me to tell your father to fire the person in charge of the Eiffel Tower elevators.This isunacceptable. Utterly...unacceptable.
Chloé::: Of course, Mom. 
Pollen::: Hello, my queen. 
