Alya::: Don't blink now, 'cause we are live from Paris. Yo peeps, Alya here, bringing you the one and only Ladyblog.Huh? What is that? . Ladybug in action. Hang on 'cause we're going for a ride.Freak out! What you got here is no ordinary book, it's a tenth grade history book. And I should know, 'cause I've got this very same book. Could our very own Ladybug be a high school student,in real life? Whoa! 
Marinette::: I told you from day one Tikki, I'm a total klutz! 
Tikki::: What's done is done; we can't change what happened. We can only move forward. Alya must not find out who you are. You know how persistent she can be with her blog totally dedicated to Ladybug. 
Marinette::: But how? Maybe I'm not cut out for this whole Ladybug thing. 
Tikki::: You are the chosen one, Marinette. It will all work out, trust me. Everyone has a past they can learn from.This will show you why. 
Marinette::: An exhibition at the Louvre? On the pharaoh Tutankhamun? What does that have to do with my book and Alya? 
Tikki::: You must persuade Alya to go there with you, and make sure she brings the book. You'll tell her you found out something about Ladybug. 
Marinette::: At the museum? 
Tikki::: You'll see! 
Marinette::: Well, I don't know how I'm gonna convince Alya to go to an Egyptian exhibit, much less convince her that I'm not Ladybug! 
Tikki::: She will be interested, and so will you. Promise . 
Alya::: Can you believe it? All I gotta do is find to do who this history book belongs to and BAM, I figure out Ladybug's true identity! I'm so on this one! 
Marinette::: You really think you could figure out who Ladybug is from a textbook that every high school student owns? 
Alya::: Yep. 'Cause our school is the only school that uses that book! HA! So, all I gotta do is find out which girl in tenth grade lost her history book last week. There are forty-three girls, not counting myself 
Marinette::: Forty-two! Not count you... or me. 
Alya:::Hmm, yesterday somebody didn't have their textbook in class. 
Marinette:::Uh I left it at home. You know how I always forget my stuff. 
Alya::: Hmm...Just messing with you, Marinette. Of course I'll only drop you from my investigation when you bring your history book back to class. 
Jalil::: It's not broken! 
Alya:::Uh, I'm okay too, thanks for asking. 
Jalil::: I'm sorry. Hey, you're in the same grade as Alix, right? I'm her older brother, Jalil Kubdel. So you're into Tutankhamun too?Dad! 
Alya::: Weird. So again girl, why are we here? This exhibit's got something to do with Ladybug? For reals? 
Marinette::: Well, uh...Yeah, it's over there.
Alya::: Hang on, 'cause we're going for a ride. Freak out! What you got here is no ordinary book, it's a tenth grade history book. And I should know, 'cause I've got this very same book. Could our very own Ladybug be a high school student, in real life? 
Adrien::: That's crazy! What are the odds that we have the same textbook? Maybe we even go to the same school! 
Plagg::: Don't you think you know her then?Why bother yourself with ladies when you could be enjoying this? 
Adrien::: For one, ladies smell about a thousand times better than that cheese. And they're much better-looking. 
Plagg::: Suit yourself. Your loss. 
Adrien::: My only loss is my appetite.
Alya::: Come on, tell me what it is already! 
Marinette::: No, no, cause... it wouldn't be a surprise then...for you or me. 
Jalil::: I'm telling you, father, it's right there in the hieroglyphics.Excuse me. There, as you know, the one with the scepter is Tutankhamun, the first. And there, opposite is Nefertiti, his princess. There are exactly one hundred mummies beside them. She died several years before him, and the sun god Ra took her as his goddess. 
Mr. Kubdel::: Yes, I know all that. I'm the director of this exhibition, remember? 
Jalil::: Then you also know that Tutankhamun wanted to bring his princess back to life, by offering the sun god a new wife. This seemed to illustrate the ritual he devised. Nobody has ever fully deciphered the hieroglyphics, but I have! It's a magic chant that needs to be recited in order to complete the ritual! I'm sure of it! 
Marinette::: He kinda reminds me of someone else with crazy ideas... you! 
Alya::: You might think my theories about Ladybug are crazy, but you watch, girl, I'll prove you wrong. 
Mr. Kubdel::: Jalil, these types of frescoes are almost always the illustration for a legend. They called it a legend for a reason... 
Jalil::: That's what everyone thinks. But I know it's real. I can prove it! 
Mr. Kubdel::: Really? Exactly how are you going to prove it? 
Jalil::: I just need to get my hands on Tutankhamun's scepter and recite the spell! 
Mr. Kubdel::: Are you serious? Don't even think of touching that scepter. I'd lose my job on the spot. It's a priceless historical object! Not a toy! 
Jalil::: Come on, dad! We have to try out the spell! What if Tutankhamun had found out how to bring people back to life? 
Mr. Kubdel::: Listen, Jalil! That's enough! Get your head out of those papyrus scrolls and focus on the real world! This one! 
Hawk Moth::: There's nothing wrong with living out a fantasy. Especially when I can make it a reality.Fly away, my evil akuma, and transform that young man!
Marinette::: Uhhh... ahhh... 
Marinette::: Gah! Put that down! I'm gonna show you the secret I found out about Ladybug! 
Alya::: 'Bout time. This better be blog-worthy. 
Hawk Moth::: Pharaoh, I am Hawk Moth. I have endowed you with the magical power of the ancient gods. You must do me a favor in return for this gift. 
Jalil::: My precious Nefertiti will come back to life!
Marinette::: Uhhh.. ahhh... 
Alya::: This thing's making my eyes hurt.
Marinette::: Look closely! It is in there.Huh? 
Museum employee:::Hey, you! 
The Pharaoh::: Thoth, give me time!
Marinette::: Alya, hide! 
The Pharaoh::: Get out of here, faster!
Marinette::: Time to transform! 
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Alya:::OMG. Coming to you live, Ladyblog viewers, I'm at the scene even before Ladybug or Cat Noir! This is insane! 
Plagg::: Wow! I love the face changes! You could use that one! 
Adrien::: Time to transform! 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: You know that's considered stealing. 
The Pharaoh::: Actually, I'm taking back what rightfully belongs to me. 
Ladybug::: Maybe if you were the real Pharaoh, which you're not! 
Alya::: Look at Ladybug go! If I'm dreaming, don't wake me up!Ladybug waved at me! No way! 
The Pharaoh::: Sekhmet, give me your strength!
Cat Noir::: How nice of you to hold the door open for me!
The Pharaoh::: Enjoy your coffin!
Alya:::This is hecka crazy! Keep your eyes peeled!Hiya! 
The Pharaoh:::Your face. Fate has placed you on my path. Come with me!
Alya::: Hey! Hands off the threads. I can walk myself! 
Ladybug:::Seriously?!Let her go! 
Cat Noir::: Hiding behind an innocent bystander! You're weak, Pharaoh! 
The Pharaoh::: I'm way more powerful than you are.
Alya:::And don't forget! All the latest behind-the-scenes are on my blog! 
Cat Noir::: That Alya is one brave chick. 
Ladybug::: If by brave, you mean bossy, feisty, and bold? Yup, that's her! Come on, get us out of here, Cat Noir! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!How are we gonna find them? 
Ladybug::: Alya's got a livestream on her blog!
Alya:::Hi, everyone! Alya here, liveblogging from the shoulder of the terrifying villain! Huge scoop to come, stay tuned! 
Cat Noir:::Uhh, you go ahead. I'll join you as soon as my Miraculous is charged up again. 
Ladybug::: Hurry up. It's gonna take both of us to defeat him.
Alya::: Hey! 
The Pharaoh::: On to the next phase. Anubis, bring me mummies!Soon, we'll be together again, my Nefertiti! My long-lost love! 
Alya::: This is gonna be one major scoop!Uh, excuse me, Pharaoh, but, uh, what exactly is going on? 
The Pharaoh::: I'm going to carry out the secret spell, to bring Nefertiti back! 
Alya::: Ahh, hmmm. Gotcha! You're talking about the spell on the papyrus, right? 
The Pharaoh::: Correct! The one hundred mummies and the offering! 
Alya::: Offering. What offering? 
The Pharaoh::: To persuade the sun god Ra to give me my sweet princess, I must give him something in return. A pure soul! 
Alya::: Dude, that's hard to come by. 
The Pharaoh::: But I've already found her! You look so much like her! 
Alya::: Say what?! 
Ladybug::: Hold on, Alya!Whoa! Oh, no, I ran right into one of those time bubbles!I've got to get out of this! 
Alya:::Ladybug, this is Alya! I just found out I'm the sacrificial offering to the sun god! Please hurry! 
Ladybug::: Hold on, Alya.I'm nearly there! 
Plagg::: Oh, do you seriously think this mumbo-jumbo with the sun and mummy stuff is gonna work?
Adrien::: You have no respect. Your batteries are charged up enough! 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: Whoa!
Cat Noir::: Thanks for waiting around for me! 
Ladybug::: No problem! We've gotta find the hidden akuma and free it before he sacrifices that poor girl! 
Ladybug::: I don't see her or Pharaoh. 
Cat Noir::: Over there! 
Alya:::Whoa, back up! Who's that goddess chick with the black spots! There, on your papyrus! 
The Pharaoh::: Ladybug, my sworn enemy! My nemesis may have kept me from carrying out my ritual 5000 years ago, but she will not stop Nefertiti from coming back to me this time! 
Alya::: Did you say... Ladybug 5000 years ago?! 
Ladybug::: Everyone does have a past they can learn from. 
Cat Noir::: Well, you don't look a day over 3000. 
Ladybug::: Now you know why I'm so much wiser than you. Hm! 
The Pharaoh:::Oh, sacred Ra, god of the sun, I Pharaoh, offer to thee a pure soul! The sacrifice for the return of Nefertiti!I bow to you, and present this gift with my mummies! In company, we pray to you the safe return of princess Nefertiti! Awaken, Nefertiti! Awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti! Awaken! 
Mummies::: Awaken, Nefertiti... Awaken... 
Alya:::Ladybug! 
Ladybug::: We've gotta save her before he completes the ritual, or Alya will be gone, forever! 
Cat Noir::: What should we do? 
Ladybug::: Hold back the mummies while I take on the Pharaoh. 
Cat Noir::: Why do I have to deal with these freaks while you get to slip calmly round back? 
Ladybug::: Because I'm the only one who can capture his akuma, and because you are the bravest one out of both of us!
Cat Noir::: Sure. 
Cat Noir::: I know you don't really think that, but I'll pretend you do. 
Mummies::: Awaken, Nefertiti, Awaken... Awaken, Nefertiti, Awaken... 
Cat Noir::: Hey there, you bunch of bandages! What do you say we wrap this up! 
Alya::: Cat Noir! 
The Pharaoh::: Seize him!
Cat Noir::: Is that really as fast as you can go?
The Pharaoh::: Wait, this looks... like a trap! 
Ladybug::: Gotcha! 
The Pharaoh::: Horus, give me your wings! 
Alya:::Peeps, you just witnessed another insane feat from Ladybug! Thanks for saving my butt! 
Ladybug::: Oh, uh, you're welcome. But it's not over yet. Not until 
Alya::: Not until Ladybug destroys the pendant containing the akuma, and turns everything back to normal! I pay attention. 
Ladybug::: The pendant! Good eye! 
Alya:::Ahhh! 
Alya::: Way to go, Ladybug!No!
The Pharaoh::: You're not going to win this time, Ladybug! 
Alya::: Help me, Ladybug! 
The Pharaoh::: Crush that insect! 
Cat Noir::: What the?
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! This way! 
Ladybug::: We have to save Alya before she reaches the circle of darkness! 
The Pharaoh::: You will not stop me from bringing Nefertiti back! I'll finish you off! Anubis, bring me mummies!
The Pharaoh::: Horus, give me your wings!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! The pendant! That's where the akuma is! 
The Pharaoh::: Sekhmet, give me your strength!
The Pharaoh:::It's over. 
Alya:::Ladybug, save me! 
The Pharaoh::: Oh, Ra, god of the sun, accept this humble offering and return the princess to me! 
Ladybug::: Ladybug costume appears.) A Ladybug outfit? 
Cat Noir::: That's our last hope? 
Ladybug::: This offering isn't good enough for Nefertiti! 
Alya::: Hey! Thanks a lot! 
The Pharaoh::: Too late, Ladybug! The ritual has begun! 
Ladybug::: Set Alya free and sacrifice me instead! Wouldn't that be the sweetest revenge? 5000 years later! After all, I'm the one who kept Nefertiti from you all these years! 
The Pharaoh::: It's true that you make a much more precious offering than this mortal.Horus, give me wings!
Alya::: Seriously?Excuse you, but I make excellent sacrificing material! 
Hawk Moth::: Take her Miraculous! The earring! 
Ladybug::: You win, Pharaoh...You want my Miraculous? Go get it!
Hawk Moth::: Get it! 
The Pharaoh::: A toy? You tricked me! 
Ladybug:::No more evil doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Jalil::: What happened? 
Alya::: Thanks, Ladybug! But, uh, I still gotta ask: how old are you, really? 
Ladybug::: Um, much older than a high school student, that's for sure!
Cat Noir::: Don't you wanna know how old I am? 
Alya::: In a sec, looks like I'll be able to tell for myself. 
Alya::: Where have you been? 
Marinette::: You won't believe this! I got mummified! 
Alya::: Hope you weren't one of the ones trying to swap me for Nefertiti! Creepy! 
Marinette::: What?! You were almost... sacrificed? 
Alya::: If it hadn't been for you I'd never have found out that Ladybug is at least 5000 years old! 
Marinette::: Hey! What are friends for? 
Alya::: I still don't get it though, what was she doing with that tenth grade history textbook? 
Marinette::: Uh, she... she probably had to find out what's been going on for the past 50 centuries! 
Alya::: You're probably right. It's tough staying in the loop. Hey, Ladybug's textbook! It's gone!
Hawk Moth:::You might have gotten away this time, but I assure you, Ladybug, some day, wherever you are, I will have your Miraculous, and you'll be nothing! Nothing at all!
Marinette::: I don't get it. I know I'm not 5000 years old, so... who exactly was that Ladybug in the papyrus? 
Tikki::: Kwamis like me and superheroes like you have always existed! 
Marinette::: So...that wasn't you in the papyrus either? 
Tikki::: What do you think? 
Marinette::: You don't look 5000 years old. 
Tikki::: Well, I'm not! I'm older than that! I'm the kwami who's watched over every single Ladybug since the very beginning! 
Marinette::: You must have known much less klutzy Ladybugs than me, right? 
Tikki::: Every Ladybug is different. 
Marinette::: That's what I thought. 
Tikki::: Marinette, you are different. But different as in surprising, unpredictable and endearing. And very talented. You learn fast. 
Marinette::: Really? 
Tikki::: Yes.You better get to sleep. Remember, you have that history test tomorrow! 
Marinette::: Oh yeah! Good thing it's on Ancient Egypt. 
