Marinette:::Sleepover at your place tonight? That'd be awesome!
Mr. Damocles::: Come on! Hurry up! I don't have all day!
Marinette::: Except ugh, I can't. I-I have to help my parents at the bakery.
Alya::: Again? But you've been helping them out all week.
Adrien:::Online gaming battle? I'm free.
Nino::: Cool! Wait 'till you check out my advance weaponry! You won't stand a chance!
Mr. Damocles:::Come on! Chop-chop! Hurry along now! 
Adrien::: I forgot I got Chinese class.
Nino::: Again? But we haven't played all week.
Adrien::: I'm sorry, Nino.
Mr. Damocles::: Albert?
Albert::: At your service, sir.
Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo!
Albert::: Please repeat. I was unable to understand.
Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo!
Albert::: Please repeat. I was unable to understand.
Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo!
Albert:::Please repeat. At-at your service, sir. Please repeat. Please repeat. Please repeat.
Mr. Damocles::: Ow! It is now the hour of The Owl! Hoo-hoo!
Mrs. Michelle::: Oh!
Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo! Well, Mrs. Michelle. Has Whiskers got vertigo again? Have no fear! This is the mission for The Owl! Hoo-hoo!Owl Talons!Hoo-merang! 
Mrs. Michelle::: Um? What exactly are you planning with that?
Mr. Damocles::: It-it-it takes more than this to persuade The Owl!Here, kitty, kitty! Come to Owl! 
Mrs. Michelle::: Okay, I'll call the fire department. 
Mr. Damocles::: No need for that, Mrs. Michelle.Uh-oh! Whiskers! Stay calm! Come on now!Ow!
Ladybug:::Mr. Dam...um, Owl! This is the fifth time this week we come to your rescue!
Cat Noir::: You're really going to get hurt one of these days.At least wear a helmet.
Mr. Damocles::: But you don't wear helmets.
Ladybug::: Mr. Owl, we've told you already. It's not the same for us. We're real superheroes!
Cat Noir::: With real superpowers!And magic suits.
Mr. Damocles::: I know. But since I was a little Boy, I only ever dreamed of becoming a real superhero!
Firefighter::: Come on, Boys!
Nadja::: The exploits of Ladybug and Cat Noir have inspired some people to act as superheroes themselves. But is it a good thing? Over to our reporter Clara Contard.
Clara Contard::: Today Ladybug and Cat Noir had once again come to the aid of the self-proclaimed new superhero The Owl.
Mr. Damocles:::Thanks to some advice from my good friends Ladybug and Cat Noir, I am certain I will do better next time!I will be reviewing my weaponry and engaging in training. Because wherever there's injustice, there's The Owl!Owl Mist!Hoo-hoo!Hoo-hoo!Sorry!
Clara Contard::: Any comments, Ladybug and Cat Noir?
Ladybug::: Uh, you know, he's a great guy. But to all the children of Paris, you mustn't copy him, okay? It's very dangerous!
Cat Noir::: Ladybug's right. So, don't try this at home. Okay, kids? 
Nadja::: Meanwhile, the question that's remains on every Parisian's lips is: Who lies behind the mask of The Owl? The clumsiest superhero in all of Paris!
Cat Noir::: The principal Mr. Damocles has a good heart, but this is bound to end badly.
Ladybug::: And we can't spend all our time watching out for him either.It's turning into a full time job!
Cat Noir::: Perhaps we should convince him to stop trying to be a superhero by... scaring him, for example?
Ladybug::: And shatter the poor man's dream? No way! On the contrary, maybe we should help him make his dream come true. He said all he wanted was to be a hero, even if it's just for one day.
Cat Noir::: Of course! If we make him a hero for a day like he always dream of, he'll be happy and quit playing this dangerous game. Spot on as usual, my Lady! We just have to figure out how?
Ladybug::: I just may have an idea.
Chloé:::Sabrina, oh why don't you hold onto my homework for me?
Sabrina:::Oh sure...
Marinette::: Sorry, but my parents need me again tonight.
Juleka:::...I'm going for an hour.
Marinette::: But for sure I'll be free tomorrow.
Mr. Damocles::: Come on! Chop-chop! Hurry along now!
Adrien::: Sorry, Nino. Same as usual, but I should be free tomorrow.
Nino::: Awww! Really?!
Alya::: Huh? Ladybug?! Cat Noir?! Woah!
Mr. Damocles::: Ready for the test, Albert?
Albert::: Please repeat. I was unable to understand.
Mr. Damocles:::Owl Talons!Oh!
Albert::: Trial conclusive, sir.
Mr. Damocles:::Huh?Hello?
Alya:::Is this The Owl?
Mr. Damocles::: Who is this? How do you know my secret identity?
Alya::: I am Cardboard Girl, a supervillain! I've kidnapped Ladybug and Cat Noir! 
Ladybug::: Help us, Owl!
Cat Noir::: Save us, Owl!
Mr. Damocles::: Release them immediately.
Alya:::Never! And I'll never tell you that I'm holding them at the Place Des Vosges square either! 
Mr. Damocles::: Ha! You gave yourself away, Cardboard Girl! Now you shall face the feather fear of The Owl! Hoo-hoo!Ouch!
Alya::: So, how was I?
Cat Noir::: Nailed it!
Ladybug::: Now you just need to put this on.
Alya::: Um, you sure about this...um... outfit?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Definitely!
Alya::: Give up, Ladybug and Cat Noir, I evil Cardboard Girl have taken your Miraculouses! No one can save you now!
Ladybug:::Oh no, my earrings!
Cat Noir:::Oh darn, we're done!
Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo!
Ladybug, Cat Noir, and Alya::: Owl!
Mr. Damocles::: Owl Talons! Hoo-hoo!
Ladybug::: Mr. Damocles, are you okay? You're not hurt, are you?
Mr. Damocles::: I am not Mr. Damocles! I am The Owl!You've revealed my secret identity!
Ladybug::: We're sorry Mr...Owl. We didn't mean to!
Cat Noir::: Don't take it the wrong way!
Alya:::Sorry it was a bust, Ladybug. You were trying to do the right thing.
Cat Noir::: Yeah. Now we just have to hope no one hears about it.
Nadja::: We now know the true identity of the man who has proclaimed himself as Paris' new superhero. The Owl is non-other than the principal of Françoise Dupont High School, Mr. Damocles! 
Alec::: And this week's biggest loser is the news social network winner, Mr. Damocles! 
Mr. Damocles:::I am not Mr. Damocles! I am The Owl!
Alec:::Isn't he a hoot?The Owl!
Mr. Damocles:::I am The Owl!
Hawk Moth:::Shame, pain and a crushed dream!Fly away, my little akuma. And evilize this failed hero!
Hawk Moth::: Dark Owl, I am Hawk Moth. From now on, you will have true superpowers and formidable weapons! Nothing and no one will be able to overpower you! But if you want to be the sole superhero in Paris, there's just one thing you need to do: defeat Ladybug and Cat Noir, and bring me their Miraculouses!
Dark Owl::: This is a mission for the Dark Owl!
Dark Owl::: Citizens of Paris, listen to me very carefully!With just one slight movement, I can release a rope holding onto a city bus and all the animals inside will crash down upon this poor helpless little kitten! 
Marinette::: Tikki, I think we've got...
Adrien::: ...a serious problem.
Dark Owl::: And if anyone should be 'tempt to come and save the animals, beware! It is all rig! Liquid nitrogen will automatically douse the feet of the Eiffel Tower, freezing them to -700 degree, and making them more fragile than glass! They will collapse! And the bus will flatten our cute kitten friend! 
Dark Owl::: Ladybug, Cat Noir the only way you can save these sweet animals is to come and hand your Miraculouses over to me! And you only have 10 minutes! Follow the Owl-Signal!
Marinette::: We can't let this happen!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Dark Owl::: Albert, the signal.
Albert:::At your service, sir.
Dark Owl::: It's perfect.
Ladybug::: Wow, that principal sure is holding a grudge.
Cat Noir::: Yeah, we definitely ruffled his feathers.
Ladybug::: We got to get a hold on his detonator and stop the countdown!
Cat Noir::: If you want, I can distract him with a little chit-chat.
Ladybug::: You're certainly the cat for the job.Let's stay in touch.
Cat Noir::: Hoo-hoo! Mr. Damocles?
Dark Owl:::I am not Mr. Damocles! I am the Dark Owl!
Cat Noir::: Let's talk about this. Why don't we just team up the three of us. After all, you do have real powers now.
Dark Owl::: Where is Ladybug?
Ladybug::: Grappling iron, boomerang, utility belt. The akuma must be in one of his weapons.
Cat Noir:::Yeah, but which one?Ladybug will be here any minute.
Dark Owl::: Then you can be the first to place your Miraculous in the box located in the middle of the stadium or...
Cat Noir::: Boom! Okay, I get it.Try to grab his detonator.
Ladybug::: I'm on it.Over to you, Cat Noir!
Dark Owl::: Ha!Hoo-Oops! Time flies! This is your last chance to save that helpless kitten! 
Cat Noir::: What's he get against cats?
Ladybug::: Heroes don't hurt innocent beings, Dark Owl!
Dark Owl::: Then give me your Miraculouses! Otherwise you will be to blame! Owl Talons!
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Dark Owl::: It's the end of the line for you!
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!Huh, a fountain pen?
Cat Noir::: What are you going to do? Ask him to sign you an autograph? I'll deactivate the detonator my lady.What?
Dark Owl::: Hoo-merang!Albert, activate the hatch!I am the guardian of Paris! I am the Dark Owl! 
Cat Noir::: The countdown's still running!
Ladybug::: What? That's impossible!Come on, please!
Cat Noir::: Looks like...Mmmm! Tastes like whipped cream.
Ladybug::: Oh no!
Dark Owl:::Times up!Albert, drop the bus!You knaves, it was a hologram all along! So how does it feel to lose for once and be humiliated? Did you really think I would hurt a kitten? This next trap, though, is very real. The room you're in is filling up with whipped cream as we speak! Whipped cream's too thick to swim, but too runny to float on.
Cat Noir::: I hope it's lactose-free, at least.
Dark Owl::: You're going to drown! Softly, but surely unless that is you accept defeat and give me your Miraculouses!Do you really think it'll make a difference if I can't see you, Ladybug. There's no way to escape! If you don't give me the Miraculouses now, I'll simply take them after the Owl Cream has buried you!
Cat Noir:::He's right. We're done for.
Ladybug::: Not yet we're not.You win, Dark Owl.
Hawk Moth:::The time has come! Excellent work, Dark Owl!
Ladybug::: Close your eyes, and no peeking.
Cat Noir::: We can't do this.
Ladybug::: Trust me.Spots off. 
Cat Noir::: Claws in.
Plagg:::Huh? What? Er... 
Albert:::Miraculouses delivered, sir.
Dark Owl::: Now I am the only superhero in Paris! And a superhero keeps his word. Albert.
Albert::: Owl Whipped Cream deactivated, sir.
Hawk Moth:::Dark Owl, deliver the Miraculouses to me!
Dark Owl:::Albert, transfer!I am the best bird!
Hawk Moth::: They are mine! Ladybug's ability to create and Cat Noir's power of destruction! Whoever succeeds in merging these two Miraculouses together shall be granted a wish that can change reality! And erase the past!This cannot be! NOOOOOO!!! Dark Owl, Ladybug and Cat Noir tricked you! These are fake Miraculouses made out of salt dough!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm!
Dark Owl::: Wha?But that's impossible! How did you do it?
Ladybug::: Hey, what did you expect? A superhero never reveals her secrets I'd thought you know better. I've got plan A, plan B and all the alphabets to Z. Did you really think we could give you our Miraculouses? We're superheroes! We are Ladybug...
Cat Noir::: ...and Cat Noir! By the way, say hi to Hawk Moth for us.Hope he enjoys his new toys!
Hawk Moth:::Destroy them, Dark Owl! If you fail again you can bid your superpowers farewell!
Dark Owl::: Hoo-merang trajectory control, Albert!
Cat Noir::: We still don't know where the akuma is hidden.
Ladybug::: But we know that it's not in any of his weapons!Cover me!Lucky Charm!The first volume of The Adventures of Knightowl?
Dark Owl::: Do you really think you can defeat me by reading to me, Ladybug? 
Ladybug::: The Knightowl has a partner! So does Dark Owl!
Cat Noir:::He's all yours, my Lady.
Ladybug::: Dark Owl's akumatized object isn't just on him! It's in his lair! Don't let him get away, Cat Noir. I'm off to the school.
Cat Noir::: See that? Reading comic books can save lives.
Dark Owl:::Albert, Owl Wings!Hoo-hoo! 
Cat Noir:::Cat vs bird! Who do you think win this fight?
Dark Owl::: Bird!
Albert::: Intrusion! Intrusion! Intrusion!
Ladybug::: A computer! Of course!
Dark Owl:::I'm right here, Albert!
Dark Owl::: Dark Owl always wins at the end! You should have read the end of the comic, Ladybug!Huh?
Dark Owl::: No! No! Noooo!
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you, little akuma. Time to de-evilize.Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug!
Mr. Damocles::: Ladybug? Cat Noir? What are you doing in my office?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Ladybug, Cat Noir, everyday I'm getting closer to destroying you both! And soon you'll be nothing more than superheroes in a history book!
Alec:::And we're happy to announce this week's winner is once again Paris' new superhero, The Owl! Hoo-hoo!
Fire captain::: Calling the fire department was the right thing to do. Good job, Mr. Damo...um, Mr. Owl.
Mr. Damocles::: At your service, captain. Wherever someone needs him, he's right there! The Owl!
Fire captain::: Hoo-hoo!
Mr. Damocles:::Hoo-hoo!
Kim::: Hey Mr. Damo..um, Owl! Can we take a picture with you?
Mr. Damocles:::Say Hoo-hoo!
Alix, Kim, Max and Mr. Damocles::: Hoo-hoo!
Ladybug::: Tending to gardens, handing out blankets to homeless people, feeding animals. The Owl really spread his wings.
Cat Noir::: He's a superhero in his own ways.
Ladybug::: Now we have a bit more spare time on our hands.
Cat Noir::: Feline going to a movie?
Ladybug::: Sorry, but I've promised a friend that I must hang out with her as soon as I could. See you later, kitty cat. 
Alya::: I'm not kidding, Marinette. I was Cardboard Girl! I wish you could have seen it. It was awesome!
Marinette::: Triple Dragon-Kick! Perfect! Marinette wins!
Alya::: What?! No way, I wasn't looking! You cheated!
