Alya:::Alya's on the line, I rise and shine When I pick up the mic like this game is mine Fake MC's can't catch my flow 'Cause I whip up the beat with each word I throw! 
Marinette:::Eh– The name's Marinette, I bake chouquettes, I love drawing and… sewing blankets? Uh… 
Alya::: C'mon, c'mon!
Marinette::: Uhhhh…
App:::Fifty words?! You flow so low, you need a shovel to dig it!
Marinette::: Shoot, I'm so bad at this game.
Chris::: Hmph.
Alya::: What's up? You don't want to play with my sisters anymore?
Chris::: I'm not a baby anymore, can I play Freestyle Clash II with you?
Marinette::: C'mon Chris, it's a game for big kids! You know that.
Chris::: Ugh, that's what you always say!
Marinette::: Uh, again?!
Marinette::: Alya, can you handle these three on your own? I uh, I just remembered I promised my dad I would try out his new macaron recipe.
Alya::: Mmm, sounds yummy! Maybe we could all come over and try it out with you if that's okay?
Marinette::: Oh yeah, I mean no!Dad's always super shy whenever he tried out a new recipe like, Oh, what if it doesn't taste good?Okay, catch you later best BFF in the world!
Tikki::: That macaron recipe excuse wasn't exactly your best one yet, Marinette.
Marinette::: I know but I'm running out of excuses. I've needed so many this week. Tikki, spots on!
Mr. Pigeon::: Ladybug, Chat Noir, if you don't give me your Miraculous, this pigeon-iron will crash down on the Louvre pyramid and give all the tourists inside it perfectly flat socks! Pigeons have a right to culture, too. 
Cat Noir::: Hey there, m'lady. No need to brief you on this one, right?
Ladybug:::Nope. Let's just end this fast like the last 23 other times.Lucky Charm.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm.
Mr. Pigeon:::Nooooo!
Ladybug::: Bye bye, little butterfly. 
Mr. Ramier::: Huh? Huh? Please don't tell me it happened again.
Ladybug::: It's okay, Mr. Ramier, we'll always be here to bring you back to the good side.
Mr. Ramier::: Hmm. Can I buy you both ice cream to make up for it?
Cat Noir:::Well, since we keep getting better at this, we have a few minutes before we transform.
Ladybug::: Hmm, why not?
Mr. Ramier::: I'm really sorry, I just can't help it. Whenever something happens to my beloved pigeons it breaks my heart and—
Cat Noir::: And Hawk Moth akumatises you again?
Ladybug::: There must be some way to make sure this doesn't keep happening.
Cat Noir::: We gotta get going.
Ladybug::: Thanks for the ice cream.
Hawk Moth::: This man is hopeless. I've akumatised him 24 times and not once has he come close to succeeding. Nooroo, dark wings fall-! Huh–?! What is this? A powerful negative emotion. I've never felt this before. Where could such energy be coming from?
Ladybug and Cat Noir::: Pound it. 
Timetagger:::Yo-yo! I'm Timetagger from the future, man I criss-cross time with a spraypaint can Looks like your time's up at last 'Cause I'm gonna send you way back to the past 
Cat Noir:::Lord Ramier Featherbottom, knight of the king? Founder of the order of The Great Pigeon?
Ladybug::: Only one minute left!
Cat Noir::: No time to lose. 
Timetagger:::Ladybug and Cat Noir, now you're stuck If you wanna catch me, then, ha, good luck 
Timetagger:::All I have to do is go back in time To escape with a laugh and a rap and rhyme Ladybug: He's traveling through time!
Cat Noir::: Therefore in space.
Hawk Moth::: I just love his style.
Timetagger:::I'm not surprised you like it, Hawk Moth.
Timetagger:::I come from the future. A future where Ladybug and Cat Noir are adults.
Timetagger:::It was future Hawk Moth's slick idea to send me into the past. To seize their Miraculous before they've obtained their adult powers.
Hawk Moth::: I can only approve of my future decision. And I won't wait for Ladybug and Cat Noir to become adults! I'm counting on you to change the future, Timetagger!
Timetagger::: If you don't give me your Miraculous, I'll send everyone into the past. 
Cat Noir::: Unlike him, I'm afraid we're running out of time.
Ladybug::: Then we better try to gain some back.
Timetagger::: Hahaha! Superhero babies need a little rest? Well, take your time. I have eternity ahead of me.
Marinette:::If we can't defeat Timetagger in the future when we're adults, how are we supposed to defeat him now when we're younger and less experienced?
Tikki::: There's a time for everything, Marinette. Every problem has a solution.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Plagg::: Look on the bright side, Adrien. In the future, you and Ladybug still know each other.
Adrien::: Yeah, but if I want a chance to see that future, we're gonna have to defeat Timetagger today.
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Alix::: Crazy! So the message was for real.
Ladybug::: What message?
Alix:::This watch has been in my family since forever. It's never chimed, until today! And there was a message for you, Ladybug. 
Watch:::Nice work, Minibug, you're right on time. Now, dig as deep as you can into the past and you will find the rabbit's burrow. 
Ladybug::: Dig deep into the past?
Cat Noir::: Did you also inherit a shovel to go with your watch, by any chance?Uh, shovel, you know? For all this deep digging. 
Ladybug:::Of course! What's the oldest exhibit in the museum?
Alix::: The Egyptian collection! My old man says some of it dates back more than five thousand years!
Ladybug::: There, it sounds hollow! Do your thing, Kitty.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Bunnyx:::Minibug, Kitty, I knew you'd solve my riddle. A basic security measure in case the watch is stolen. But now, I need to do something very important.
Bunnyx::: My name's Bunnyx. And in the future, I'm a member of Ladybug and Cat Noir's team of superheroes. Well, the Ladybug and Cat Noir you're going to become, because right now, you two are more like Minibug and Kitty Noir. Within the team, I am the hero of the last chance. I'm called upon when everyone else has failed, that includes you two.
Cat Noir::: Ey! We just got you out of the stone, didn't we? Which means you must have failed somewhere, too.
Bunnyx::: Yes, well, no. It was actually your fault. Or more precisely, it will be. In the future, one of your cataclysms will accidently damage my Miraculous.That's how Timetagger will be able to send me into ancient Egypt and get me stuck in stone.
Ladybug::: Wait, then how are we going to do that without the Rabbit Miraculous?
Bunnyx:::Do you have the watch?
Alix::: My watch?!
Bunnyx::: Yes, my watch. Our watch.
Alix::: So this was a Miraculous?!
Ladybug::: In camouflage mode.
Bunnyx:::Fluff, counter-clockwise! 
Alix::: But you are—
Future Alix::: So, mini-me, you get it now? You're me and I'm you. Well, more precisely, I'm you when you grow up.
Alix::: Wow! I can't believe how cool I'm gonna be when I'm older!
Ladybug::: But wait, it doesn't make sense. I never gave you, I mean her , I mean… I never gave either of you the Miraculous.
Future Alix::: You haven't given it to us, yet, Minibug, because you haven't realised just how awesome I really am. But don't worry, you will, one day.
Alix::: I'm gonna get a Miraculous! So cool!
Future Alix::: Fluff, snack time! You have to recharge your batteries. 
Fluff::: Hmm, was that breakfast, or dinner? What time will it be yesterday? Is it tomorrow already? When it'll be the day after tomorrow, it will have been yesterday again!
Cat Noir::: That Miraculous seems so powerful, how come we don't use it more often?
Future Alix::: Because traveling through time is very dangerous. Interfering with events can have serious consequences.
Cat Noir:::Oops, time to feed my Kwami, too! 
Ladybug::: I don't understand. If you're from the future, then you gotta know how this all ends. Your younger self has seen it with her own eyes. Which means you obviously know how to defeat Timetagger.
Future Alix::: Actually, uh… I've spent so much time in stone, I can barely remember. But I think, the logical thing to do, would be to take Timetagger back to the future, so he can be defeated by heroes his own size.I'll take care of this.
Alix::: Awesome!
Future Alix::: One thing I remember for sure is:mini-me has to be there when I defeat Timetagger. If she's still in my memory, she must play a vital role.
Alix::: Good! I wasn't planning on sitting on the bench this time!
Future Alix::: Fluff, clockwise!
Cat Noir::: Uh, guys, you should take a look at this, now.
Ladybug:::Timetagger sent Jagged into the past!
Bunnyx::: That's Nadja Chamack!
Ladybug:::André Glacier.
Alix:::Mayor Bourgeois?!
Ladybug::: He's destroying our present by rewriting the past! Bunnyx, since the future me hasn't been able to stop Timetagger from coming here, they must not be that powerful.
Bunnyx::: Are you kidding?! You're – I mean, you will be an awesome team leader. The greatest superhero ever.
Ladybug::: How do you explain Timetagger then?
Bunnyx::: I told you earlier. If Cat Noir hadn't cataclysmed my Miraculous, Timetagger wouldn't be here. In the future you've defeated:Doctor Sadness; The Eclyptinvaders; Pain and Tears, the twin queens of the Interdimension; and Majestia, so believe me, you're not going to be intimidated by Timetagger. Oh, and I even forgot Monsieur Rat.
Ladybug::: Monsieur Rat?
Bunnyx::: You can always count on Ladybug. With her around, every problem has a solution.
Ladybug::: How will I ever get to be like that?
Bunnyx::: By growing up, Minibug.
Cat Noir::: Tell me, Bunnyx, in the future, are Ladybug and I like… 
Ladybug::: Cat!
Bunnyx::: Oh, you and her it's always more like… 
Cat Noir::: Hey, the future isn't set in stone. 
Bunnyx::: Okay, let's go!
Bunnyx::: We've taken too long, he's had enough time to weave a giant time-web around us.
Cat Noir::: Surrounded by just one guy? Does that mean he can attack from anywhere?
Bunnyx::: More like from any time.
Timetagger:::Gimme your Miraculous Don't make me ask It's pretty clear you're not up to the task When I bring them to Hawk Moth's door Ladybug and Cat Noir will be no more 
Bunnyx::: Stay where you are. I'll deal with him and take him back to the future you. It means nothing must happen to you in the meantime. But first...Stay right there, okay? Then it'll be exactly like it was in my memory. And now... Burrow!
Timetagger::: Missed me!
Cat Noir::: She doesn't need to transform back before she uses her power again?
Ladybug::: No, because she's an adult!
Cat Noir::: Awesome! I can't wait to grow up.
Ladybug::: I don't think we're quite up to the job yet, Cat Noir.
Timetagger:::Bunnyx, you're lame, you don't get the game And now you have to start all over again 
Hawk Moth::: My victory is close at hand. How brilliant from me to send myself such a powerful ally from the future.
Timetagger::: Where's your sad gun now, fluffytail?
Cat Noir::: I can't stand watching them playing cat and mouse like this. Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, no!
Bunnyx::: See?! In the future that's exactly how you damaged my Miraculous!I knew it! I knew you'd do that. Who's the best now, huh?
Hawk Moth:::That– That's impossible!
Bunnyx::: Thanks for you involuntary help, my young friends. Now Bunnyx is going home! 
Ladybug, Cat Noir and Alix::: Bye, Bunnyx!
Bunnyx::: Wait a second. This is not the exact right moment.
Timetagger::: Enjoy your trip to the ice age, fluffytail!We've wasted enough time! Gimme your Miraculous now!
Timetagger::: So, the ice age wasn't good enough for ya? Back to the cretaceous then!
Bunnyx::: Down, Denver, down!
Timetagger::: You wanna keep playing, fluffytail?
Bunnyx::: Don't call me fluffytail!
Timetagger:::To the future, Seventh Interstellar War!
Unknown::: Disintegrate! Disintegrate!
Ladybug::: Maybe we should give her a hand after all.
Alix::: You heard her, she's the only one who can solve this time problem. She can do it. Go Bunnyx!
Timetagger:::The heat is on!
Bunnyx::: Sorry, Minibug, I just can't. Looks like this time I don't have a solution after all.
Ladybug::: What if today's the day we grow up? Lucky Charm!A block of paper?
Timetagger::: Hahahaha! What are you gonna do with that? Send a defeat treaty? Now gimme your Miraculous or I get rid of your friend by sending her back to the big bang.
Ladybug::: Alright, you win. We'll give you our Miraculous. All I ask is that you give me a little bit of time, to write a letter, to apologize, to my future self.
Cat Noir and Alix::: What?!
Cat Noir::: No, think of something! You always think of something.
Timetagger::: Fair enough, Ladybug, wish granted.
Hawk Moth:::Be careful, it could be a trap.
Timetagger::: If she thinks she can trick me, she's wasting her time. Pun intended. Hahaha!
Ladybug::: I don't have a pen. Could anyone lend me one, please? 
Timetagger::: Time's up, my moment of victory has arrived.
Ladybug:::Ugh, I can't find the words. It's pointless anyway. I won't even be Ladybug in the future after we give up our Miraculous. 
Bunnyx::: Please don't do this, Minibug!
Ladybug::: Some problems simply don't have a solution.Go back to your timestream, Bunnyx, make the most of your remaining time.
Bunnyx::: No, I refuse! I—
Ladybug:::Who's the team leader in the future?Trust me.
Bunnyx:::Okay, Ladybug. Burrow. 
Ladybug::: Come on, Cat Noir. We better give him our Miraculous.
Bunnyx::: I'm sorry, Ladybug, I didn't deliver.
Future Ladybug::: Not true, Bunnyx. You didn't fail. Every problem has a solution.
Hawk Moth:::The future bird catches the worm. This time, the Miraculous are mine!
Timetagger::: You're right on the first count, but not on the second. The Miraculous are not for you.
Hawk Moth:::What?!
Timetagger::: Hahaha! I said I was sent by the Hawk Moth of the future, but I never said that the Hawk Moth of the future was you!
Timetagger::: Your earrings are mine, Babybug.And you, Kitty Noir, cataclysm this so I can take your ring safely after I'm finished with her.Good Boy.
Timetagger::: No!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir!
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilise!Gotcha!Bye bye, little butterfly.
Chris::: Ladybug? And Cat Noir? You're so young! Where am I?
Cat Noir::: The question should be more like: when are you?
Bunnyx:::C'mon, Chris, let's go home.
Ladybug:::Chris? 
Future Ladybug:::See girl? We did it. We always will.
Alix::: Hey, future Ladybug, when am I gonna get my Miraculous?
Bunnyx::: As soon as you're as cool as I am, mini-me.
Ladybug::: Miraculous Ladybug! 
Cat Noir::: Why doesn't anyone tell me how awesome I am?
Ladybug::: Because you already know you're the best, Kitty Noir.
Cat Noir:::I think we're gonna have to hurry, Bugaboo.
Alix::: Are we gonna see each other again soon?
Ladybug::: No doubt about that.
All Three:::Pound it!
Hawk Moth::: Nooroo, dark wings fall. 
Nooroo::: Master, I—
Gabriel::: Quiet, Nooroo.
Gabriel::: If I'm not Hawk Moth in the future, then that means I failed.
Nathalie::: Or that you've succeeded. The future is not set in stone, Gabriel. 
Alya:::Hey there!
Ladybug::: Alya, it's Marinette! I'm sorry I won't be able to look after Chris and your sisters this afternoon. I— I hadn't finished my presentation for Monday, I hope you're not mad at me.
Alya::: No, of course not, no biggy. A friend of mine said she'd take care of them, so Nino and I are going to see a movie.
Ladybug::: A friend?
Alya::: Yeah, don't worry, she'll take care of everything.
Ladybug::: Perfect, enjoy your movie then. See you later! 
Alya::: Okay, we're going.
Nino::: Thanks again, Lila. 
Lila:::Do I know how to play Freestyle Clash? Please, I invented Freestyle Clash.
Chris::: Wow, for real?
Lila::: Of course for real, I never lie.
Chris::: You're so cool.
Mr. Ramier::: I'm so sorry.
Ladybug::: Don't worry. Every problem has a solution. We didn't discover it today, but we will next time.
Cat Noir::: The problem with Pigeons in Paris is that they have it too hard here. Maybe you should move to the suburbs, or try to make friends with some other type of animal. A goldfish for example. 
Mr. Ramier::: Another type of animal? That might be a good idea, Cat Noir. I'll think about it.
Ladybug::: Okay, we have to get going. Thanks for the ice cream, Mr. Ramier. 
Cat Noir::: Everything Bunnyx told us seems crazy. All those supervillains with weird names. Like doctor what's-his-name and Monsieur Rat? Monsieur Rat?!What kind of a codename is that?! Maybe in the future, you might even agree to go see a movie with me. Hey, what if it was in the very near future, say, the next show? I can get a ticket… 
Mr. Ramier:::Oh, hello! What are you? Hello, cutie.You're even cuter than a pigeon.
