Nathalie:::Dust from the sky, now precious, will fix the wings of the injured animal. Combine the molten gold with the meteorite powder. Then, add the peacock feather. 
Gabriel::: Miraculous, repair yourself!It's perfect, as good as new! Now it's completely safe to use.
Duusu:::Wow, I feel so much better! What happened? Huh? Nooroo!Oh wow, everything was so chaotic in my head, like a nightmare where I'd fallen into very bad hands!
Nooroo::: Sorry, old friend, but I'm afraid the nightmare is not over yet. 
Gabriel::: Nooroo, Duusu, Unify! 
Marinette::: So... they all live in there?
Tikki::: Yes, except for Nooroo and Duusu, who are being held captive by the bad guys.
Marinette::: Master Fu never let them out? 
Tikki:::Only Kwamis like me who have a holder like you can go out into the human world, Marinette.
Marinette::: But...isn't it a bit cramped in there?
Tikki::: Oh no! There's a whole parallel world inside! Of course, being out here is much more interesting. You humans are so inventive!
Marinette:::I thought they couldn't get out?
Tikki::: Now that you're the Guardian, the box has become just like you! Full of surprises! That's amazing!
Mullo:::Thanks Tikki!
Tikki::: Hey! Marinette made that for me!
Marinette:::That's my secret diary!
Daizzi:::Day! Night! Night! Day!
Ziggy:::Wow! It makes music, I love music! 
Marinette::: Careful with my phone!
Kaalki:::Oh my, you have to see this! The carts are all moving on their own! There isn't a single horse here to pull them-
Kid:::Look, mom!
Marinette:::Uh haha, it's a talking squishy, but it's not for sale yet! 
Alya::: Marinette?
Marinette:::Oh, Alya! What do you think of my new squishies? Pretty cute, right?
Alya::: What new squishies?
Marinette::: Uh- 
Tikki::: Marinette, we're magical creatures, remember? We can't be seen or heard on screen or in photographs. 
Ziggy::: Ooh, so that's why I'm not showing up on these magic paintings!
Marinette::: Right, she can only see me and I look completely ridiculous, don't I?
Alya::: Marinette, are you feeling okay? 
Marinette:::Aaah! Hey, girls! So happy to see you! Now is just the perfect time for a chat!
Rose:::Did you say new squishies? Show us!
Marinette::: Uh... squishies? What squishies? .. Ah!
Alya::: Marinette, you okay?
Roaar::: How'd your friends lock themselves in this picture frame? 
Daizzi::: They look so cute.I want her as my holder.
Trixx::: She's taken.
Mullo:::Why does Trixx get to have a holder when we don't? 
Alya::: Marinette, you're acting weirder than usual.
Marinette::: Eh heh! I'm just... working out!I came up with this work out- it's uh- super special work out, hehe, to uh, be in shape before making squishies!
Mylène::: You should get some fresh air, you look overwhelmed.
Alya::: Wait a minute: awkward gesturing, ridiculous babbling, weird excuses, clumsiness overload...
The girls:::...is Adrien there?!
Marinette::: What? Of course not.Luka? 
The girls:::Luka...
Juleka::: 
The girls:::Aw! That's so cute!
Marinette:::Wow Luka! Hi.
Luka::: Hi, and thanks for the pictures.
Marinette::: What do you mean thanks? 
Luka::: Thanks for the photos of your bedroomand of Adrien. 
Marinette::: Ah, my room! Yeah, I- uh- it's full of photos of Adrien because I uh... I'm using them for fashion pics for my blog and I need your opinion on them because I know you have great taste, Adrien.
Luka::: My name is Luka. 
Marinette::: Haha yes of course, Adrie- I mean, Luka. You're Luka, obviously, hehe, because you're you, and I am me, Marinette. Hehe, uh, I'm so sorry, it's just that I've been so busted- uh I mean, busy!
Luka::: No problem, Marinette, it's cool. So you ready? 
Marinette:::Ready for what? 
Luka::: Well... our date. 
Sabine:::Marinette, Luka is waiting for you! 
Marinette::: Right! Haha okay. I'll be right there!and remember, be good. Hide, Tikki. 
Sabine:::Wasn't your date with Luka supposed to be yesterday? 
Marinette:::No! I completely forgot about yesterday's date!
Luka:::That's why we agreed that I'd come pick you up today, Marinette. It's the last screening, we can't miss it.
Marinette:::Of course, it would really be a shame to miss uh...the thing we're gonna watch at this screening.
Tom::: I can't believe they're showing it again! It was so silly when it came out 15 years ago, it can't be any better now.
Sabine::: Oh honey, it was his first movie. Think about your first baguette, it was pretty bad, too. 
Luka::: Sure the movie's a bit mindless, but Marinette and I love him so much that we swore we'd see it together.
Marinette:::I know! We're gonna see Crocodile Heart, Jagged's first movie.
Luka::: Did you forget?
Marinette:::Of course, not! And I don't have any other emergencies right now either. So...come on, let's go.
Luka::: You are?.. You are?..
Marinette:::Is it you are the popcorn of my life?
Luka:::Nope. It was the donut of my life.
Marinette::: Of course! The donut, featured on the Candy Apple album! His food phase, my favorite! Two points for you.
Luka:::Two orange juices please.Thank you.I got another one: I gave up everything...
Marinette::: ... but my dreams!
Luka::: Nice! Another point for you.
Marinette:::I got one: my guitar...
Luka::: ... is my only family, featured on the Alone on the Road live concert. I love that song.
Marinette:::Whoa, twenty points to twelve. Luka Couffaine, you're officially Jagged's number one fan!And uh.. you uh..you win a prize.
Luka:::Whoa!
Marinette::: Jagged came by the bakery the other day, so I asked him to sign it for you.
Luka::: The rules are clear, Marinette. This gift entitles you to a second round. Under the moonlight, by the sea...
Marinette::: Under the moonlight, by the sea... Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue!I know! His very first song! Under the moonlight, by the sea, KISS ME! 
Luka::: Okay, I mean, if you want to.
Marinette::: I do... want to. 
Luka::: What was that? 
Marinette:::Uh, probably the subway. It passes under the theater. I'm so thirsty all the sudden, I'm gonna go get some water. 
Tikki:::You're gonna leave Luka there all alone?
Marinette::: What would I say? Be right back, Luka, gotta go fight some bad guys or Gotta go Luka, by the way, I'm Ladybug? Now that I'm the Guardian, I have to keep my identity a secret more than ever. Tikki, spots on!
Cat Noir:::Hey you, Bugaboo! Well, here I am, your faithful companion at our rendezvous point just like always. It's time for our daily patrol, I hope you haven't forgotten!Buga-Boo!waaah! 
Ladybug:::Cat Noir?
Cat Noir::: Wah!Oof! 
Woman inside building::: 
Ladybug::: Will you cut it out with the practical jokes? I could have really hurt you!
Cat Noir:::M'lady, the only thing that really hurts me is when you make me go on patrol by myself.I even missed your little angry pout.
Ladybug::: Sorry, Kitty Cat, I'm a bit over my head at the moment.
Cat Noir::: I bet! Guardian of the Miraculous, big name, big responsibility!
Ladybug:::I promise, I won't ever forget our patrols again.
Cat Noir::: Woohoo!
Marinette:::Phew, there was a huge line at the water fountain, so I went out to buy bottles at the corner market but then there was an akuma alert. We were stuck in the store and they wouldn't let us out. Good thing Ladybug saved everyone!Oh no, is it over already? 
Marinette:::Uh, the ice cream is gonna melt, we need napkins. I'll be quick!
Alya::: Bye!
Adrien:::Bye guys!
Marinette:::Luka, stop!Sorry, I just remembered that I promised I would help a friend! I'll call you later! 
Luka::: I'd like to dedicate this song to Marinette, a girl…who's not here as usual.
Rose:::I love unicorns! I love unicorns! And cute little fluffy cats!
Marinette::: I'm sorry about earlier. There were mosquitoes on the boat, I thought we needed some insect repellent but the drug store was closed so I had to-
Luka::: Shh, listen, the song of the water. If you listen carefully at this very spot under the bridge, you'll hear a melody.You know, I never knew my father and my mom would never bring herself to tell me. So when I just couldn't deal with it all, I would take refuge here and the melody of the water would console me. What about you, Marinette? Where do you go when you disappear? 
Marinette::: Uh-
Luka::: You tell me, I'll accept it. If you're still in love with Adrien, I'll understand. I won't be jealous you know.
Marinette::: That's not it, not at all.
Luka::: Whatever it is, I just want it to be the honest truth.
Marinette::: The truth, Luka… is the only thing I can't tell you. 
Shadow Moth::: Is there betrayal worse than the lies of the one you love?Fly away my evil akuma, fly my beautiful amok, and rewrite the song of this heartbroken Boy!
Shadow Moth::: Truth, I am Shadow Moth. I'm giving you the power to force people to tell you their most sacred secrets. 
Luka:::Truth needs to be shared, not taken by force, Shadow Moth!
Marinette:::Uh! Shadow Moth? No! Luka, please resist, I am so sorry!
Shadow Moth::: Why should you resist when she doesn't trust you? 
Luka::: Marinette does trust me!
Marinette::: I do! Of course I do!
Shadow Moth::: If she trusted you, then she would tell you the truth!Accept my power and you will know everything. And all I ask of you in return is to expose Ladybug and Cat Noir's little secrets.
Luka:::Run, Marinette! 
Shadow Moth:::In addition to your power, you will be aided by sentimonster will be under your control.It's time to expose the truth.
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Ah! 
Alya::: Bye guys, see ya.Oh… 
Truth::: Tell me the truth, what is Marinette's secret!
Alya::: She is.. in love with Adrien Agreste.
Truth:::That's not a secret!Tell me the truth, what is Marinette's secret? 
Mylène::: Marinette is in love with Adrien Agreste.
Truth:::She must have another secret!
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, Hawk Moth's merged his powers with the Peacock to become Shadow Moth. He's created a supervillain and a sentimonster at the same time. I need you out here!
Rose:::Marinette doesn't have any secrets because she's the most honest girl in the whole world. 
Truth::: What is Marinette's secret? 
Juleka::: She loves Adrien, I guess.
Ladybug::: I'm the one waiting for you this time!Enough!Luka? 
Truth::: Now, you must tell the truth to anyone who asks you a question. I'll do the honors. Who are you, Ladybug?
Shadow Moth::: I'll finally find out Ladybug's true identity!
Ladybug::: I… am… 
Cat Noir:::A super swimmer!
Shadow Moth:::Pull them out, Truth! Pull them out now!
Truth::: I must know Ladybug's secret identity!
Anarka:::Hey! what are you doing on my ship, pirate? 
Truth::: It's time to tell me the truth, Mom! Who is my father? 
Anarka::: Luka, your father is.. Jagged.
Truth:::I want the truth! Who is really my father?
Anarka::: Jagged.
Truth:::Sorry, Shadow Moth, but that truth can't be put on hold! 
Cat Noir:::Don't worry, I'll never claw a secret out of you, M'lady.Uh? 
Ladybug:::Mhmm! 
Jagged:::Oh Prince Ali you're one year older but to us you're still a real rock and roller -Hey! Easy on the spotlight buddy, it's only a rehearsal.
Truth::: I am not your buddy. I'm here to find out if I'm your son.
Jagged::: Uh, depends on who you are.
Cat Noir::: Hey, I wanna play too. Truth or dare? 
Ladybug:::Mmhm.
Truth::: Truth and dare. Light Eye, freeze Ladybug and Cat Noir!My name is Luka Couffaine and I have the right to know the truth!Are you or are you not my father?!
Jagged::: Luka Couffaine? Yes, I am your father. 
Ladybug:::Mmm?!
Truth:::Why would you hide this from me, and why did you abandon me?!
Jagged::: I was too lame to take care of a kid. I'm sorry, son, but I spent my whole life on tour. I live in hotels with a crocodile. I could never be the father you'd need me to be. Besides, it made for a super cool song! Have you heard My guitar is my only family? 
Truth::: Why don't you write a song about THIS?! 
Shadow Moth::: Follow them!
Truth::: Sorry Shadow Moth, I still have one last truth to uncover.
Shadow Moth:::How can I be sure that it's really the last one?
Truth::: Because I always tell the truth! 
Jagged::: Woohoo! My son is out of sight!
Cat Noir::: Now you stay out of sight while we deakumatize him. 
Ladybug:::hmm! 
Cat Noir:::Yoohoo! 
Truth:::What is Marinette's secret?
Tom::: She's in love with Adrien Agreste.
Truth::: Not that secret! ' Does she keep a diary?
Sabine::: Yes, she hides it in her room.
Truth::: Perfect. That should hold all her secrets. 
Truth:::Good job Light Eye, stay where you are, I'll be there soon.
Cat Noir::: Your idea was spots on, Bugaboo!
Ladybug:::Mhmm.
Barkk:::He's gonna find the Miracle Box, Hawk Moth will capture all of us and it'll be the end of the world!
Xuppu:::Not if I can help it! 
Wayzz:::Wait, you know your magical force is too powerful without a keeper to control it! Remember when Plagg sunk Atlantis?
Ziggy:::So we have a choice between the end of the world and the end of the world?!
Truth:::Light Eye, come back. Now!
Ladybug:::Mmm hmm! 
Cat Noir::: Hmm?That's the akumatized object! Got it! Cataclysm! 
Ladybug:::mmmm!
Cat Noir::: M'lady whenever you're ready you can call up your Lucky Charm!
Ladybug:::Mmhmmm! 
Cat Noir::: Take it off. I have a plan! 
Truth::: Ladybug, tell us what's your- 
Cat Noir:::Top three favorite qualities in Cat Noir!
Ladybug::: I have to say it's his courage, his self-confidence, but really the quality I like most in Cat Noir is his humor.
Cat Noir::: So you're saying you actually like it when I clown around?
Ladybug::: Yes, and I couldn't do without it today!
Truth::: Ladybug, under your mask, what do you- 
Cat Noir::: Use when all seems lost? 
Ladybug::: My Lucky Charm! . Before she could use her Lucky Vision, she gets interrupted by Light-Eye breaking in from behind her. She sees Cat Noir get immobilized and hit by Truth's beam) Cat Noir!
Truth::: Cat Noir, tell me what- 
Ladybug:::...do you think about my new role as guardian!
Cat Noir::: If it doesn't change things between us, then I'm good with it! 
Truth::: Light Eye, stop! 
Ladybug::: No more evil doing for you little akuma! Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye! Miraculous Ladybug! 
Luka::: What am I doing... in Marinette's room?
Shadow Moth::: Thanks to my new powers, truth is underway, Ladybug, and nothing will stop it!
Cat Noir::: Woo hoo!M'lady, it's been awhile since I've had that much fun.
Ladybug::: If battling a supervillain with three eyes and a giant monster buddy is your idea of fun, I can't imagine what your other days are like. 
Cat Noir::: A baddie, a sentimonster, and Shadow Moth. It's even more exciting with his new name, don't you think? 
Ladybug::: He can change his name as often as he likes. He'll still never win.
Cat Noir::: You can count on me and my jokes, Bugaboo.
Ladybug::: Well... you don't have to overdo it.
Cat Noir::: Truth is, I only ever have this much fun with you. Catch you later!Wee! 
Marinette::: I don't want to lie to you Luka. I don't think I can- I mean... maybe we should… 
Luka::: When you're ready, I'll be here, Marinette. 
Jagged::: If there's one thing I can do, son, it's taking emotions and turning 'em into great songs! Should we write one together? 
Marinette:::As long as Shadow Moth is a threat to the people I love, I can't have a Boyfriend. It's too dangerous. 
Kaalki::: What is that strange liquid running from her eyes? 
Trixx::: It's tears. That's so sad! 
Daizzi::: Are we supposed to do something? 
Marinette:::Just give me a hug. 
