Gabriel:::Yes, I'm busy. I was right in the middle of something very important. What do you want?What?! This is unacceptable! The sample garment doesn't match at all! All you had to do was follow a pattern. Imbeciles! What am I supposed to do? The show is in three days! No, don't use him, he's completely useless.
Gabriel::: Call my assistant, Nathalie. She'll give you some other names. 
Adrien:::He hides stuff behind the painting of Mom?
Plagg::: Ooh! I love dirty secretsOh, yes! Go on, go on!
Adrien::: I can't do it. My dad wouldn't like me going through his stuff. Besides, I don't even know the code, and my fencing class is about to start.
Plagg::: You're such a party pooper. 
Adrien::: Plagg, no!
Plagg:::My, my, what have we got here? A book on Tibet, an old flyer from a hotel, a load of junk, come on, where's the good stuff?I've seen this book somewhere before. But who cares? I'm famished! I need Camembert!
Adrien::: Why is my dad keeping this locked in a safe?Hawk Moth? What's this monster doing in a book about superheroes?
Plagg::: Cheese! Didn't you hear me?
Nathalie::: Adrien? You're going to be late.
Adrien::: I was...looking for my homework. Silly me. 
Rose::: Can you believe Lila knows Prince Ali? She even flew in his private jet with him!
Chloé::: Why did Jagged write a song about Lila when he could've written it about me?
Nino::: Lila knows all of the Hollywood directors. She promised she'd mention me toSteven Basielberghimself!
Marinette:::Lila?
Alya::: Yeah, she just started at our school!She even gave me an exclusive interview for the Ladyblog, 'cause Ladybug saved her life once! Watch! 
Marinette::: Who is this girl and what is she doing next to the love of my life?!
Alya::: Lila's got the most incredible life, and now she's going here. She's totally awesome!
Marinette:::What?! Don't say that! This is super bad, what if Adrien totally falls for her?! I've never flown in a private jet; nobody's ever written a song about me; and I don't know a single person in Hollywood! Adrien will forget I even exist! 
Marinette:::Where are they going? Alya, we've got to stop them!
Alya::: You need to chill out, Marinette. My Ladyblog has the highest number of hits ever after that Lila interview! 
Marinette::: What's going on? I mean has this Lila girl hypnotized everyone or something?
Tikki::: You wouldn't be a little jealous, Marinette?
Marinette::: Huh! Me, jealous? No way! 
Marinette::: Where is she?
Tikki::: Marinette, Adrien's book! I need to get a closer look at it.
Marinette::: Why are you so concerned about his book? Hide, Tikki!
Lila::: Now we can get going on our history homework. It's so much more fun doing it together, don't you think?What's that?
Adrien::: Uh nothing! Just stories about superheroes.
Lila:::I love superheroes!
Marinette:::It's already too late! 
Lila::: Ladybug!
Adrien:::She's amazing.
Lila::: A girl doesn't need to wear a costume to be amazing, you know. 
Adrien::: Uh, I don't know—I mean, I—
Lila::: So you've got a little soft spot for the bug, huh?
Adrien::: Me? Oh, no! Not at all!
Lila::: You know I actually happen to be very close friends with Ladybug.
Adrien::: Really?!
Lila::: We can chat about it if you want. Not here though. Why don't we meet at the park after school and I'll tell you everything.
Adrien:::I gotta go! I've got a lesson in 58 seconds. 
Lila::: So, the park? 
Adrien::: Uh sure! 
Lila:::A vixen superheroine? Hmm, interesting... 
Tikki::: Marinette!
Marinette::: I know. I gotta talk to Adrien before he meets up with Lila in the park. He needs to know that she's a total thief.
Tikki::: No! You can't say anything to Adrien yet. I need a chance to check out the book first. If it's the one I think it is we have to get our hands on it!
Marinette::: I don't get it? Exactly why would we need it?
Tikki::: I'll explain to you once I know for sure. Please, we mustn't let Lila out of our sight!
Lila:::Ladybug and me, we're like this!
Marinette::: Liar!
Tikki::: There! She's coming out!
Tikki::: We're too far away.
Lila::: Oh hi!
Marinette:::Oh no! He's already here!
Adrien::: Hey! 
Marinette::: She dumped the book in the trash bin! What a brat!
Tikki::: I'll get it–
Marinette::: No Tikki!
Tikki::: I have to get that book! You take care of Adrien.
Marinette::: Tikki! 
Adrien::: So you do know Ladybug, for real?
Tikki:::This is the book Marinette!
Lila::: Not only did Ladybug save my life, we've become very close friends because we have something very special in common- it's what I wanted to tell you about. I'm the descendant of a vixen superheroine myself, Volpina.
Adrien::: Volpina?
Marinette::: Volpina?
Adrien::: Wait a minute! I think I read about her in my book.
Lila:::Of course she's in your book. She's one of the most important superheroes. More powerful and more celebrated than Ladybug.Between you and me Ladybug doesn't even make the top ten.My grandma gave me this necklace.
Tikki::: Wow she's good. Really good 
Marinette::: You've got your book. I can't lose Adrien. Time to transform!
Marinette::: Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Adrien:::Are you telling me this is a Miraculous?! 
Ladybug:::Well hey Lila! How's it going? Long time no see. I saw your interview on the Ladyblog, awesome job.Oh sure! I remember our instant connection when I saved your life and we've been really good friends ever since! Practically BFF's! Uh actually, when did I save your life again, Lila? I don't recall. Oh yes! Of course, now I remember. Never! And we're not friends either!Miss Show-Off here was trying to impress you and everyone around her.
Adrien:::So I guess you aren't the descendant of a superhero either?
Ladybug::: She's more like a super liar.
Lila::: How dare you?!
Adrien::: Wait! Lila!Hey, what was that all about? Uh, I mean, weren't you kinda harsh with her?
Ladybug::: I...I don't put up with lies, especially when they're about me. 
Adrien:::What is with you, Ladybug?
Ladybug::: I may have gone a bit overboard there, but at least I'm not dealing with her anymore. 
Lila::: My chances with Adrien, gone! I hate you, Ladybug! 
Hawk Moth:::Ah...jealousy, deceit, and the desire to be a superhero. This young lady is my perfect prey.Fly, my evil little one, and akumatize her!
Hawk Moth:::Volpina, I am Hawk Moth. I'm giving you the power of illusion, from now on, your lies will come to life. Gain Ladybug and Cat Noir's trust and convince them you're a real superhero, then betray them and bring me their Miraculous.
Lila::: It would be my pleasure, Hawk Moth. 
Adrien::: Plagg, claws out!
Ladybug::: Code Red!
Volpina::: I am Volpina, the only superhero Paris needs!
Ladybug:::Volpina?
Cat Noir:::Looks like we have a new partner.
Ladybug::: Don't you think it's weird, this superhero just appearing out of nowhere.
Cat Noir::: Well, at least she got the job done. If she hadn't been here—
Ladybug:::I could have easily stopped that meteorite myself.
Cat Noir::: Hey! Relax! I'm just saying she seems seriously awesome. 
Volpina::: Hey guys! Glad you dropped in, I need a hand. Come on!
Cat Noir::: I can't believe it! It's Hawk Moth in the flesh! 
Ladybug::: He never shows up! Something big is going on. Really big!
Volpina::: We can take him down, but it's gonna take all three of us. We better make the most of our individual talents.
Cat Noir::: You can count on us.
Volpina::: Very nice to meet you by the way Cat Noir! Cool outfit.
Cat Noir:::Why thanks! You too, Volpina.
Ladybug::: First the meteorite, now Hawk Moth appearing both on the same day. Don't you think that's a little bit unusual?
Volpina::: Why would you say that?
Ladybug:::I was asking Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: I'm finding you unusual today, My Lady. Everything okay?
Ladybug::: I'm fine, just fine.Say Volpina, what's your Miraculous?
Volpina::: My necklace.
Ladybug::: What power does it give you?
Volpina::: The power of flight and super strength.He's getting away!Ladybug, go to his left, Cat Noir, you take the right and I'll come from behind.
Ladybug::: No! I...I take the right, Cat Noir goes from behind and you... take the left.
Volpina:::Fine. Makes no difference to me.
Ladybug::: Good. 
Cat Noir::: Can you chill out a little? She's one of us. 
Volpina:::He's running right into my trap. 
Cat Noir::: Where did he go?I'll take him!
Volpina::: Good! Now for the other one.
Ladybug::: Where did he go?
Volpina::: I wouldn't move an inch if I were you.Don't worry Ladybug, I don't wanna be your friend. At least now you won't be able to say we don't know each other. 
Ladybug::: Lila?
Volpina::: You will call me Volpina!
Ladybug::: You're not a superhero. You're another one of Hawk Moth's akumatized victims!
Volpina::: Everyone thinks I'm a superhero, including Cat Noir. So you won't be able to call me a liar anymore 'cause everyone will think you're the liar. 
Hawk Moth::: Take Ladybug's Miraculous. Her earrings, now!
Volpina:::Before I get rid of you, you are going to give me your Miraculous.
Ladybug::: Never!
Volpina::: Do you really think you've got a choice, Ladybug? You'll give me your Miraculous or the building goes down! 
Ladybug::: You wouldn't do that!Stop! 
Ladybug::: It's an illusion! Just like the meteorite! Just like Hawk Moth! That's your power Volpina, isn't it?! Illusion, lies. Of course!
Ladybug:::Is Volpina with you, Cat Noir?
Cat Noir:::No! And I can't find Hawk Moth either.
Ladybug::: Forget it. He was never there in the first place.
Cat Noir::: What do you mean? But we saw him.
Ladybug:::That's Volpina's power. She creates illusions. The Hawk Moth we saw wasn't real.
Cat Noir::: What are you trying to say?
Ladybug::: She's not a real superhero. She was akumatized by Hawk Moth!
Cat Noir::: I don't get it? Why did he do it?
Ladybug::: I think it's partly my fault. I ruined her chances with a guy she likes.
Cat Noir::: Lila?
Ladybug::: I'm sure she's going to his house. I'll send you the address. Meet me there!
Cat Noir::: You got it!I think I know the way already.
Plagg::: Wouldn't Cat Noir be more useful in this situation?
Adrien::: If Volpina's got a thing for me, I can make her see sense without Cat Noir. Maybe then she'll listen.
Plagg::: You really think you can take down Volpina without your super powers? Without me?
Adrien:::Hide Plagg, she's coming! 
Volpina::: Adrien!
Adrien::: Hey! Who are you?
Volpina::: Do you remember this necklace? I didn't know how to tell you the truth, but at least this way you can see for yourself that I'm not lying. I am a superhero.
Adrien::: Lila!
Volpina::: You can call me Volpina. I'm sorry about the scene in the park earlier today. Ladybug's jealous because she's not as powerful as me.
Ladybug:::You'll see Ladybug isn't just a figment of your imagination, Volpina. 
Ladybug::: What is he doing? No time to hang around and wait any longer. 
Volpina::: See what I mean! She's jealous of me, of you, of us, but this time you aren't going to ruin our date Ladybug.
Adrien::: Mm excuse me, but it wasn't really quite a date, per say.I mean- what I meant was it could've become one right? No need to get bent out of shape!
Ladybug:::Excuse us, but I need to have a chat with super liar.You! Stop thinking your illusions are reality!
Plagg::: So, was I right or was I right?
Adrien::: Come on Plagg, Claws Out!
Cat Noir:::Sorry I'm late. I had some trouble......finding the place.
Cat Noir::: Illusions!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir! She's taken Adrien!
Cat Noir::: That's an illusion, too!
Ladybug::: How are you so sure?
Cat Noir::: Uh...my..um...feline sixth sense. It's legendary! Oh...
Ladybug::: Really? You don't say! Adrien's gone!
Cat Noir::: I'm not even gonna try to get out of this.
Volpina::: Give me your Miraculous now or I will!
Ladybug::: I thought you loved him!
Volpina::: Not as much as seeing you two defeated!No hard feelings, right?
Cat Noir::: You're bluffing. It's another illusion.
Volpina::: You wanna bet on that? 
Ladybug:::NO!!
Cat Noir::: Don't do it, Ladybug! 
Ladybug::: No!
Ladybug:::There she is!
Ladybug::: chocolate popsicle appears) Huh?I've got an idea to take down Volpina!
Cat Noir::: With a chocolate popsicle?
Ladybug::: Trust me. Get ready.
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!
Ladybug::: Trapped! Like a fox!Your days are over, akuma!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye, bye little butterfly.Miraculous Ladybug!Lila?
Lila::: Ladybug?
Ladybug::: I... totally overreacted and... never should've spoken to you like that. I'm sorry.
Lila::: Forget it, Ladybug; you were right. We'll never be friends. 
Cat Noir::: Ouch...
Hawk Moth::: She's still angry. You're not done with Volpina yet, Ladybug. You haven't seen the last of her.
Ladybug::: There's one problem we still have to solve. Where's Adrien?
Cat Noir::: Uh...everything's been put back to normal, right? So he must be safely back at home.
Ladybug::: I should check to make sure!
Cat Noir::: Uh... No, don't worry about it! I'll go! You're about to change back. 
Ladybug::: So are you.No arguing. I'll take care of it. 
Cat Noir::: Ugh! That stubbornness... It's so...so......irresistible. 
Ladybug::: Adrien?Are you there?Can I come in?
Ladybug:::This is...Ladybug. Is everything okay?
Cat Noir::: Uh...yeah, yeah. I had to grab a shower after all this excitement. 
Ladybug::: Uh....oh...yeah...sure. I'm sorry. I'll be off then, huh.
Cat Noir::: Thank you!
Marinette:::This book could've been my connection to Adrien without my Ladybug mask for once, but I get that I'm not gonna be returning it to him.
Tikki::: I'm really sorry Marinette, but its information is invaluable.
Marinette::: Information? But it's all written in code.
Tikki::: I know someone who's been looking for this for a long time. He knows how to decipher the codes.
Marinette::: So what exactly is so special about this book?
Tikki::: It contains all the secrets of the Miraculous powers. It's sacred and extremely dangerous in the wrong hands. He needs it back.
Marinette::: I don't get it, Tikki. Just tell me what's going on. Please, who is he?
Tikki::: The Great Guardian. And I think the time has come for you to finally meet him.
Adrien::: Did you take my father's book, Plagg?
Plagg:::Of course not!
Adrien::: If he finds out it's missing, I'll have something worse than Hawk Moth to deal with.
Master Fu::: Hello, Ladybug.
