Gigantitan::: Cake!Cake! Cake! 
Gigantitan::: Cake!Cake!
Tom::: I'll protect my pastries if it's the last thing I do. 
Sabine::: Tom, you're going to get hurt!
Gigantitan::: Cake! 
Ladybug::: No, Da—Mr. Dupain! Move aside! 
Cat Noir::: Wow, my heart is just like that yo-yo-wrapped baby's wrist. Taken prisoner by m'Lady forever. 
Ladybug::: Ah, Adrien's lips. 
Cat Noir::: Admit it, for a second there, you almost fell for my poetic verse.
Ladybug::: I never fall for your poetry, but I do find your foolishness incredibly powerful.
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm! 
Gigantitan::: Cake!Not cake!
Cat Noir::: Your plastic doughnut doesn't stand a chance against the best macaroons in Paris. That baby has taste. 
Tom::: That's Marinette's bedroom!Marinette! Marinette! 
Ladybug:::Cat Noir, grab this! 
Tom::: Marinette!
Cat Noir:::Cataclysm! 
Tom::: Marinette! Marinette! 
Ladybug:::Miraculous Ladybug! 
Tom::: Marinette! Marinette! 
Tom::: Ah!
Cat Noir::: So what was it this time? 
Ladybug::: A late night craving, huh, baby August?Oo,you're so cute! 
Cat Noir::: I'm a bit jealous. 
Ladybug::: Don't be. 
Cat Noir::: Uh?
Ladybug::: Here, you can have him. 
Cat Noir::: Ee!
Ladybug::: Bye bye, little guy! 
Cat Noir::: I meant jealous of him! 
Ladybug::: Spots off! 
Sabine:::Tom?
Tom:::Marinette is not in her bedroom!
Cat Noir::: You miss her already too? I know how it feels.
August::: Dummy! 
Cat Noir::: Ah, of course! The pacifier!
August::: Dummy!
Cat Noir::: Marinette? 
Marinette::: Uh…
Cat Noir::: This isn't the first time I've bumped into right after Ladybug transformed back.Could you be…
Marinette:::Ah, in love with you! 
Cat Noir:::Marinette? 
Tom::: Oh! 
August::: Cake!
Tom::: Well I never. Whoa! 
Cat Noir::: Oh! Well, perfect timing! I have to go and take him back to his mother. 
Tom::: Wait!Why don’t you come have Sunday brunch with us tomorrow? 
Cat Noir::: Uh… 
Tom::: I'll make macaroons?
Cat Noir::: How could I say no to that? Well, see you tomorrow then! 
Marinette:::Ugh!
Cat Noir:::I just thought that she followed us everywhere because she's a fan of Ladybug like her friend Alya.But it turns out that she's in love with me. Do you realize it's the first time that a girl's told me she's in love with me!Tell me about it. If only Ladybug would confess her love to me like that. 
Marinette:::This is a total disaster! 
Tikki::: You shouldn't have lied about your feelings, Marinette.
Marinette::: But Tikki, he was about to figure out that I'm Ladybug!
Tikki::: And now everyone thinks that you're in love with him. 
Tom::: Our daughter's Boyfriend is coming for lunch tomorrow! Do you realize Marinette has a boyfriend?! And he's a superhero! On top of that! She'll be safe with him.
Sabine:::Aren't you jumping the gun a little, Tom?
Tom::: You're right. I can't be baking desert when I haven't even starting on the first course yet! 
Sabine::: 
Tom::: I know! I'm going to cook them a delicious sweetheart's vol-au-vent! Now, where are the candied oranges? 
Sabine::: What I meant is Cat Noir hasn't said anything about his feelings.
Tom::: Come on, it's obvious that he's in love with Marinette. Besides, who wouldn't love Marinette? Everyone loves Marinette! 
Plagg::: You finally got yourself a girlfriend! And not just any girlfriend, the daughter of the best baker in Paris! 
Adrien::: Marinette in love with Cat Noir? I didn't think he was her type.
Plagg::: Before you know it, we'll be enjoying some warm and crispy bread to go with every piece of cheese. Our life is about to change!
Adrien::: Stop it, Plagg. You know I'm in love with Ladybug. 
Plagg::: So? I don't see the problem in keeping two pots simmering on the stove.Especially when there's actually only one pot!
Adrien::: I have to be honest with Marinette. I'll go over there for brunch, but only to tell her the truth. 
Plagg::: Are you kidding? At least please wait until after the cheese platter is served! 
Marinette::: He's not coming. 
Tikki::: But if he does, what are you gonna say to him?
Marinette::: I'm sure he's not coming. He's in love with Ladybug. He's not gonna come have brunch just for macaroons.
Tikki::: He's been rejected so many times by Ladybug. Maybe he's changed his mind.
Marinette::: Cat Noir, change his mind? Ha! I seriously doubt it. No one's as stubborn and one-track-minded as him.
Plagg::: Shouldn't we be at Marinette's already?
Adrien::: Shh! 
Nathalie::: Adrien, you have twenty-four minutes left to finish your lunch before it's time to review your Chinese lesson.
Adrien:::Is my father too busy to have lunch with me again?
Nathalie::: Indeed. Your next meal with your father is scheduled next Thursday between 7:30 am and 7:45 am. 
Adrien:::In that case, I think I'll have lunch in my room while studying Chinese. At least talking while I eat will feel like I have some company. 
Plagg::: Delicious bread here we come!
Adrien::: I told you, Plagg, we're not having brunch there. I'm only gonna tell Marinette that she's not the one I love. Then we'll leave. 
Plagg::: Aw… 
Adrien::: She's gonna be so sad. How can I make this easier on her? 
Plagg::: You're right. Breaking her heart with flowers will be much more romantic. 
Marinette::: I told you he won't come. 
Tikki::: Eh? Looks like you underestimated Cat Noir's love of macaroons! 
Marinette:::I don't believe it! What a glutton! 
Marinette::: Oh no! What if this doofus has actually fallen in love with me? For what? Seconds? Is that all his love for Ladybug is worth? Just one tiny declaration of love and that's it, poof, he changes his mind?!
Tikki::: Uh, since you and Ladybug are the same person, he didn't exactly change his mind.
Marinette:::Oh no, I definitely have to tell him that I'm not really in love with him. Wait, I can't! If I tell him that I don't love him, he won't understand why I told him that I loved him in the first place! I only told him that I loved him so that he wouldn't figure out I'm Ladybug. But if he sees that I lied, then he'll also see that I did all of that so he wouldn't guess that I'm Ladybug!And he'll figure out that I'm Ladybug! 
Tom:::Marinette? Marinette!
Marinette:::Tikki, help me! 
Tom::: Voilà! 
Marinette:::This is a nightmare!
Tom::: Come on, sweetie, let him in. 
Cat Noir:::Uh, hello, Marinette.
Marinette::: Uh, hello, Cat Noi— 
Tom::: Welcome to our home!
Sabine::: Tom! Let him come up for some air, huh?
Tom:::Oops, sorry. 
Marinette::: Um, how are you? 
Cat Noir::: Uh, fine. And you? 
Tom::: Oh, he brought a pink rose for Marinette, she loves pink! You two already know each other so well. 
Marinette::: Everyone loves pink, Dad, it doesn't mean anything.
Cat Noir::: And actually, we don't know each other that well.
Marinette::: He's right! It all happened so fast!
Tom::: Love at first sight! That's even more romantic!Have a seat, kids, I'll bring out the first course. 
Cat Noir and Marinette::: I have something to tell you…
Tom::: Voilà!Sweethearts' vol-au-vent. For two, of course.
Marinette::: Uh… 
Tom::: Tell me, Cat Noir,is being a superhero a steady profession? 
Sabine::: Tom?
Tom::: What? 
Marinette::: You're right, Dad, it's gotta be super dangerous being a superhero's girlfriend. Maybe I should rethink this.
Tom:::Of course, not sweetie.Cat Noir won't be a superhero all his life. Once he's defeated Hawk Moth,he won't need to run on the rooftops with a stick saving people.d-I know! He could work in the bakery with me!I could train you, young man. 
Cat Noir::: Uh—
Marinette:::Maybe Cat Noir doesn't want to be a baker at all.
Cat Noir:::Uh huh.
Tom:::Ah, see? He'd love to! Everyone loves bakers. 
Cat Noir::: Uh— 
Tom:::The Dupain-Cat Noir Bakery. Doesn't that sound purr-fect?
Sabine::: Uh, Tom!
Tom:::I can already see the little kittens running around in the house. And pet hamsters.Do you like hamsters? 
Cat Noir::: Hamsters?
Tom::: —Because my daughter loves them. What did you want to name your future hamster again, sweetie? 
Marinette:::This is a nightmare. 
Tom::: Nightmare! Right. That’s a funny name, isn't it?I'm bringing soufflé. 
Tom::: Voilà! 
Sabine::: Tom, how about we let Cat Noir tell us himself what he wants. 
Marinette::: Good idea, because he seems like the kind of Boy who changes his mind rather quickly.
Cat Noir:::Well, actually, Mr. Dupain, Mrs. Dupain-Cheng, Marinette, here's the thing. You're really nice people and this meal is delicious and by far the friendliest I've had in a long time.Marinette, you're an awesome girl, and I get that you have feelings for me. After all, I'm awesome in so many ways, even I could fall in love with myself! 
Cat Noir::: Anyway, I'm afraid my heart belongs to someone else.Even if she keeps rejecting me.Even if she loves somebody else. I'm in love with Ladybug.I'm really sorry, Marinette. 
Marinette:::Oh, this is so—Uh…So sad!Oh, to think I spent all this time following you everywhere to tell you that I loved you Cat Noir!I am so miserable!No one will ever love me!I'll end up all alone with my hamster,and its name will beLoneliness!! 
Marinette:::La, la, la, la, la! Ah, such a relief, Tikki. Phew! He's not in love with me. 
Cat Noir:::Well, uh, I don't want to bother you any longer. I'm really sorry. Thanks for having me anyway. 
Hawk Moth::: Is there a more delicious recipe than a father's heart broken by his child's heartache?Fly, my dreadful akuma. An evil feast of darkness awaits you. 
Tom:::How can he not love Marinette?Everyone loves Marinette! 
Sabine:::One day, Marinette will meet another Boy. She'll love him with all her heart, and— 
Tom::: He'll break it, too. Never again! I won't let anyone break my daughter's heart again! 
Hawk Moth:::Weredad.I am Hawk Moth. I'm giving you the power to protect your daughter from anything that brings her harm. In return…
Tom:::I'll bring you some Cat Noir pâté.
Hawk Moth:::That, and his and Ladybug's Miraculous, would be perfect.
Marinette::: What is this? Tikki!
Tikki::: Marinette!
Cat Noir::: I messed up.I really messed up!Marinette! 
Tikki::: Marinette!
Cat Noir::: I'm so sorry, this is all my fault!
Sabine:::Of course not, Cat Noir. It's Tom. 
Cat Noir::: Huh? 
Sabine:::No matter how many times I tell him, he always takes things too far. 
Cat Noir:::I'll bring your husband back to his senses and get Marinette out of this. I promise. 
Sabine::: Shouldn't you wait for Ladybug?
Cat Noir::: I trust her. She always shows up at the right time. 
Sabine::: You really love her, huh?
Cat Noir::: Yes.But, um, Marinette's seems like an awesome girl, too, you know.Don't worry. I’ll save her. 
Sabine::: I have faith in you, Cat Noir.You're a good person. Never apologize for your feelings. 
Cat Noir::: Thank you, Mrs. Dupain-Cheng. 
Sabine::: Good luck, Cat Noir.
Cat Noir::: Marinette! 
Marinette:::Tikki?Tikki? 
Tikki::: Marinette!Marinette!
Marinette::: Tikki?I'm here!
Tikki::: Marinette? 
Marinette:::Tikki?
Tikki::: Where are you? 
Cat Noir::: Marinette? Mr. Dupain? 
Weredad::: How dare you come back after what you've done? 
Cat Noir::: I will always be here to save Marinette. 
Weredad::: She's safe from you and all the Boys who want to break her heart. 
Cat Noir::: I didn't mean to break her heart, sir, I swear. 
Weredad::: Then I swear that I'm about to crush your bones! 
Cat Noir::: Where are you, Ladybug?I'm sorry, but— ah!I can't let you do this!
Weredad::: Why not? 
Cat Noir::: Ah! 
Cat Noir::: Because I have— whoa! — a damsel in distress to rescue! 
Weredad::: I forbid you to rescue her! You don't deserve to save her.From now on, no one else but I will protect her! 
Cat Noir::: And are you planning to protect her all her life?
Weredad::: Exactly! I’ll keep her safe from sadness, hardship, and anything else that could hurt her!
Cat Noir::: You can't protect her from what hurts the most. Do you know what hurts the most?
Weredad::: My great big punches? 
Cat Noir::: No! What hurts the most is solitude. Believe me, I know all about it. Nothing hurts more than isolation. Having to sit alone in front of a cold meal. Is that what you want for your daughter? A lifetime of cold meals in her prison of roses? 
Weredad::: She will never be alone!Someday, a prince will come. A prince worthy of her, daring enough to face me! Who will brave the many dangers and pick the magic rose for her! He will be worthy of taking her from my guard!
Marinette::: Tikki!
Tikki::: This is a magic prison, Marinette. It looks like it's trying to keep me from finding you!
Marinette::: Ah!There must be a way out of here! 
Cat Noir::: I may not be her prince, but I'm charming enough to free her. 
Weredad::: I forbid you to do so! 
Cat Noir::: Ah!
Tikki::: Marinette? Marinette?
Marinette::: I'm okay! I can do it. 
Cat Noir::: Not being in love with her, losing my stick, won't keep me from saving her.I'll never give up. Never! 
Weredad::: You're not worthy of my daughter. 
Hawk Moth:::The Miraculous! Grab his ring!
Marinette::: Gotcha!Huh? Ah!Uh oh. 
Tom::: What? What's going o— 
Tikki::: Marinette!
Marinette::: Tikki! Spots on! 
Ladybug::: Ha!Gotcha! Bye bye, little butterfly. 
Cat Noir::: M'Lady! Whoa!
Ladybug::: I'm coming!
Cat Noir::: No, take care of Marinette! She's somewhere around here!
Ladybug::: Don't worry, I've already taken her to safety!
Cat Noir:::She's as wonderful as ever.Who wouldn't be in love with Ladybug?Oh, I— she also has some flaws, you know.
Ladybug::: Not all of us know how to land on our feet. So I guess we're gonna need a little bit of luck! Lucky Charm!Do your thing, Cat Noir! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm!Hang on! 
Sabine::: Tom! 
Tom::: Honey! 
Cat Noir:::Pound it, m'lady. 
Ladybug::: Pound it, Cat Noir.Miraculous Ladybug! 
Tom::: Marinette!
Sabine::: Marinette!
Tom::: Marinette! 
Cat Noir::: Marinette!
Ladybug::: Wait! The miraculous ladybugs have repaired everything, so she must be safely back in her room. 
Tom, Sabine, and Cat Noir::: Marinette!
Tom::: Marinette! 
Marinette:::Dad, I can't breathe! 
Tom::: Oh, sorry. I was so scared. You were so heartbroken because of that— 
Marinette::: Dad, stop!Cat Noir has every right to be in love with Ladybug.She's very lucky to have you. And just because you and I aren't in love with each other doesn't mean that we can't be friends. 
Cat Noir::: Really?Phew! I really didn't wanna hurt you, Marinette.You seem like such an awesome person.Even though you’re not a huge fan of mine, like I originally thought when I saw you on the roof. 
Marinette:::What? You just thought I… was a fan of yours? 
Cat Noir::: Well, yeah, that's what I was about to say when you jumped on me. Could it be that she's a fan of mine?
Sabine::: You see, Tom? Your daughter is strong and can handle her own disappointments. And even if he's not in love with Marinette, Cat Noir proved himself by saving her today. 
Tom:::It's true. Your courage and tenacity match those of the greatest pastry chefs. Are you sure that you don't want to learn the trade? If you bring fresh croissants to Ladybug every day, she'll surely wind up falling in love with you.
Marinette::: Dad! 
