Mr. Damocles::: Your class representative, Marinette, is going to be handing you a questionnaire to fill out regarding your study options after school.
Chloé::: Utterly useless! I already know what I want to be when school is over: rich, because I'm already rich. And the baker girl, well, the baker girl. Oh, just plain ridiculous! Yes, being ridiculous would be right up your alley, Marinette Dupain-Cheng! 
Ms. Bustier::: You know, Chloé, people are defined by their choices and what they decide to do with their lives. That's why I'm asking you to start defining yourselves by deciding what you want to do later on. It's not just about your future careers,but also what you want out of your life.
Mr. Damocles::: If some of you aren't sure yet about what you want to do, the Paris Career Expo will be held this weekend in various locations throughout the city! You'll meet professionals who would tell you about their careers!
Ms. Bustier:::The document that Marinette just handed you includes a map of Paris with the locations of each career booth. 
Alya:::How about superhero? Does that count as a job? 
Mr. Damocles::: I would add that you should never let the context impose your costume on you. You should choose your costume yourself! Speaking of which, I, myself, would be present at the charity stand as...the Owl! Hoo-hoo! Your daily righter of wrongs!
Plagg::: Don't you wanna continue to model?
Adrien::: I don't think so, Plagg. I'm doing it now because my father asks me to, and I realize now I don't know what else I wanna do. I never ask myself that question.
Plagg::: What do you think of Cat Noir as a career?
Adrien::: Well, since Ladybug keeps giving Miraculous out to other holders, one day she probably won't need me anymore.
Plagg::: Don't worry, I will always be here for you. Hey, if you want, we could even open a cheese shop together! Just imagine... Plagg and Cat Noir's Fromagerie!
Adrien::: You can't eat cheese if you're trying to sell it.
Plagg::: Oh, you're right. Good point. What's a job where you get to eat cheese, then?
Adrien::: Why don't we start by visiting the food trade booths?Come on, Plagg, it's time to think about our future! 
Marinette::: True, Tikki. My life is complicated. But at least one thing is simple: I know what I wanna do later! No need to go to the Paris Career Expo for that!
Pollen::: What's a career, dear Guardian?
Marinette::: Oh- Well, it's... your job! Something really important that you do and gives meaning to your life!
Roaar::: Oh! So, your job is being the Guardian of the Miraculous!
Mullo::: Of course not! It's being a student!
Xuppu::: Not at all! It's making presents for Adrien!
Marinette::: Well-
Wayzz::: Or when she designed the alarm for this room! What a masterpiece!
Marinette::: Sure, I love crafting but-
Fluff::: Luka's the one with the guitar, right?
Kaalki::: Her real career is being Ladybug and carve her name in history by her glorious deeds, of course!
Sass::: Silence, kwamis! Let's listen to the guardian. Marinette, what is the real important thing that will bring meaning to your life? 
Marinette:::I don't know anymore! I guess I'm not so sure of my real job should be after all!
Tikki::: Maybe you should go visit a few booths at the Paris Career Expo!
Marinette::: I guess so, Tikki.
Alec::: Welcome to You Gotta Be Kidding! Today, we're live at the Paris Career Expo where I'm gonna be introducing you to the most pointless jobs ever! And to start off, here's a perfect example: André, the Ice Cream Maker, the ice cream man that is never around! Let me remind you how this goes: André doesn't have a shop, no one knows where he is, it takes forever to find him, and he gets to pick a flavor of your ice cream! You've gotta be kidding, André!Give me one reason why I should bother to chase after you when I could get my choice of ice cream in any corner supermarket!
André::: Well, people don't just come for ice cream when they find me. They come to share their love and experience of magical moments! A supermarket cannot do what I do! I am a creator of magical moments! 
Alec::: Creator of magical moments? You've gotta be kidding! That's not a real job! 
André::: You're right, dear Alec. It's not a job, it's a career!
André::: But you found me today! I have some ice cream just for you: lime for the sourness you show on the outside, and chocolate cinnamon for the sweet dreams that still live inside of you! One day, you too will figure out what you really want to be!
Alec:::Cut! CUT! 
Marinette::: André, how did you know that making ice cream would be your job?
André::: My dear Marinette, being an ice cream man isn't a job; I used to have a job. Every morning, I would wake up and do something I didn't like doing. The only enjoyable moment for my day was when I would come home and concoct ice cream flavors that suited my mood. Until one day, in the same way that ice cream enchanted my daily life, I wondered if my true calling would be to try and enchant other people's lives, too! That's when the truly successful career is: a blend of flavors of what you can do, what you love to do, and what you can bring to others!Strawberry and cherry for the indecisive lady, pistachio and pecan for the clear sighted young man.
Marinette::: Who? What young man?
Luka::: Hello, Marinette! 
Marinette:::Luka!Actually, Luka and I are just, uh-
Luka::: Buddies! We're buddies.
André::: You don't necessarily have to be in love to enjoy your own scoop of magic. 
Marinette::: Have a good day, André!
Luka:::Have a good day!
Marinette::: I'm surprised to see you here! I thought you already knew what career you're going to have.
Luka::: I do! I'm in charge of my school's booth where I tell people about being a maker of stringed instruments.
Luka::: What about you, Marinette? Why are you here? Aren't you on your way to become a talented fashion designer?
Marinette::: I don't know anymore. There's so many careers that interest me in the world of fashion, creation, decoration. You're lucky you know exactly what you wanna do.
Luka::: I just listen to my inner voice.This is the first instrument I made myself.It took me two years. 
Marinette::: Woah!
Alec::: Two whole years to make one guitar when you can download an app in two seconds to your phone?Yet, another pointless job! You've gotta be kidding!
Luka:::Follow me.
Luka::: Musical instruments fill the space and space fills the instruments. No phone in the world will ever be able to do that.
Alec::: Cut! CUT!
Cameraman::: Again? 
Marinette:::Woah, you definitely have a gift for finding the right words at the right time!
Luka::: Adrien!
Marinette::: Uh- Well, most of the time.
Luka::: No, Adrien! He's behind you, Marinette.
Marinette:::How far away is he?Did he see me already?
Luka::: You still haven't told him how you feel about him, right?
Marinette::: Umm... well... not-Wait, he looks sad!
Luka::: One more reason we should go to talk to him!
Luka::: Something wrong, Adrien?
Adrien:::I just made the rounds to every stand at the Paris Career Expo and I still don't know what I wanna do. If I don't figure it out, my father will will decide for me once again.
Luka:::I've always felt that modelling wasn't really your true inner music.
Adrien::: I thought things would be simple this way, that I'd be content to do what my father told me to. Like you, Luka, who decided to be a musician like your father. Or like you, Marinette, you've always known you wanted to be a fashion designer. But actually...
Adrien, Luka, and Marinette::: It's way more complicated. 
Luka::: I don't wanna be a rock-star like my dad. I make music but that's not my career, it's my nature. What I want though, is for other people to be able to feel that music. That's why I wanted to be a stringed instrument maker; to make instruments so people can create emotions with them.
Marinette::: I feel like I always wanted to try new things. But the things I want to do, the things I forget to do, and the things that I just have to do, it's a lot, and I don't know.
Adrien::: My father arranges it all for me, but when I think about what I really actually wanna do, nothing! My mind is empty!
Adrien and Marinette::: I'm completely lost!
Luka::: There's no one way to become Marinette or to become Adrien to find out who you are. You just need to learn how to listen to your inner melody.Your inner music, Marinette, at this moment, is a little bit like a brass band where... all the instruments are playing a different tune. I totally get it why you're lost.But if you listen a bit more closely, the music of your band is really beautiful. You just need some time to understand it.Your music, Adrien, sounds like it's being muffled by someone else playing a sad piano tune, but your true melody is a happy one. Pretty rock and roll, actually.You two will eventually find what's already in front of you, but you can't hear it clearly. Just let the melody flow.
Alec::: Who on earth would want to disguise himself with such a ridiculous fake hairdo? Louis XIV's reign is over. You've gotta be kidding!
Wig Seller::: A wig is never a disguise, sir. On the contrary, it is always very revealing. 
Alec::: When I was a kid, I used to have long hair, but everyone made fun of me. That's why I shaved it all off. I've been making the wrong choices my whole life. My TV shows are nothing personal. I make fun of people when they make fun of me when I was a kid.I should've been the person I always wanted to be,trying to change the world instead of mocking it!I've wasted my life!
Shadow Moth::: A man who has made bad choices because of pressure from others. A wasted life full of regrets and bitterness. What a perfect job for my akuma.Go and give that remorseful show host a new career that he won't regret! 
Shadow Moth:::Wishmaker, I am Shadow Moth. The world didn't let you realize your childhood dreams? From now on, any person you touch will have no choice but to become who they dream of being when they were a child! And when you attack Ladybug and Cat Noir, their masks will fall as their childhood dreams betray them!
Alec::: From now on, I'll only be who I wanna be!And thanks to me, everyone will finally be able to do what they always wanted! 
Wishmaker::: Live your childhood dream!
Toy Vendor::: When I was a kid, I wanted to be Santa Claus!My dream has come true! Merry Christmas, everyone! I can make people happy even if it's not Christmas! 
Jagged::: Hey, I love your look! Rock and roll! 
Wishmaker::: Live your childhood dream!
Jagged::: Haha! I finally get to live my childhood dream! Awesome! 
Jagged:::Hey! Hi there, son!
Luka::: Dad?
Adrien and Marinette::: Jagged?
Toy Vendor:::Merry Christmas, everyone! 
Adrien::: This is a nightmare, right?
Robo Tech Ultimate Destructor::: I will turn you into mush!
Luka:::Go hide behind that tree!Stay here, Marinette!So, robot, where is this mush you were promising? 
Marinette:::I've got to protect Luka! Quick, Tikki! Spots on! 
Ladybug:::You'll be safe here.
Luka::: Thank you, Ladybug!
Luka::: Marinette!Marinette? Huh?
Jagged:::Help me! I don't know how to swim!
Luka::: Hold on, Dad! I'm coming! 
Robo Tech Ultimate Destructor::: I always wanted to be Roboto Tech! 
Ladybug::: Yeah, but we're not living in a video game! 
Robo Tech Ultimate Destructor::: Destroyer of... Dreams! 
Cat Noir::: He's mistaken dreams from reality!
Wishmaker::: Live your childhood dream!Live your childhood dream!
Captain Hessenpy::: When I was a child, I wanted to be a fireman and a cowBoy!Wow! I knew it was possible! 
Wishmaker::: Why are you trying to stop me? I'm making people happy!
Ladybug::: Yes, but your doing it against their will without permission!
Wishmaker::: I want people to live their dreams!
Cat Noir:::Would you really call this a dream? 
Cucumber::: Look! Look! I'm a cucumber! Woo-hoo-hoo!
Wishmaker::: Try me, let me be your wishmaker! 
Ladybug::: If we get hit, he'll reveal our secret identities!
Cat Noir::: What do you mean, m'lady?
Ladybug::: When I was six, I wanted to be the Knitting Fairy, and the Knitting Fairy didn't wear a mask!
Cat Noir:::The Knitting Fairy? Seriously?
Ladybug::: What about you? What did you wanna be when you were young?Hah! You were making fun of me but you're too embarrassed to tell me!
Cat Noir::: Actually, I don't know what I wanted to be when I was a kid.
Ladybug::: You probably wanted to be a magician or a fireman! 
Cat Noir::: I swear, I can't remember!
Ladybug::: You must've just forgotten!If Wishmaker ever hits one of us, we're gonna need a second chance!
Cat Noir::: Viperion?
Ladybug::: I think we need the insurance!
Cat Noir::: You go, I'll cover you!
Luka::: But Dad, crocodiles know how to swim.
Jagged:::I didn't when I was a kid.
Ladybug::: Hello there, Croco-Jagged! I need a word with your son if that's okay with you.
Jagged:::Rock and roll, Ladybug!
Sass::: Nice to see you again, Luka.
Luka::: You too, Sass.
Ladybug::: Use your power now. If Cat Noir and I get hit, you must come back to this exact moment.
Luka::: Understood, Ladybug. 
Luka::: Sass, scales slither!
Viperion::: Second Chance! 
Ladybug::: No one can know our secret identities!
Viperion::: Count on me!
Ladybug:::a dinosaur plush toy appears) A dino-huggie?
Viperion::: Saving the world with a stuffed animal? I like that idea!
Wishmaker::: Are you sure you don't want me to make your childhood dream come true? 
Cat Noir:::Don't waste your breath! I didn't have any!
Wishmaker::: Every child has a dream!
Cat Noir::: Maybe not everyone!
Wishmaker::: You just need to get your memory back. Just let me touch you, and your childhood dream will be revealed to you! 
Shadow Moth:::What a brilliant idea, Wishmaker! Make his dreams come true and show me Cat Noir's true face!
Viperion::: Watch out, Cat Noir! 
Ladybug:::Does this stuffed animal mean anything to you?
Man with a red beret:::It's a dino huggie!
Wishmaker::: Live your childhood dream! 
Marinette:::Awesome! I always wanted to be the Knitting Fairy in real life!
Viperion:::M-Marinette?
Shadow Moth:::Ladybug is Adrien's classmate Marinette? At last! At long last!
Viperion::: Second Chance! 
Ladybug::: No one can know our secret identities! Lucky Charm!A dino huggie?
Viperion::: I've already got the first part of the solution!
Shadow Moth:::What a brilliant idea, Wishmaker! Make his dreams come true!
Viperion::: Cat Noir, duck! 
Man with a red beret::: Hey, it's a dino huggie!
Wishmaker::: Live your childhood dream!
Adrien::: When I was a kid, I always wanted what my parents wanted me to be!
Shadow Moth:::My son?!
Man with a red beret::: When I was a kid, I wanted to be in the dino huggie gang!
Ladybug::: Then you're the answer in defeating Wishmaker!
Viperion::: I'm sorry, Ladybug, but this isn't the right moment yet! Second Chance! 
Ladybug::: No one can know our secret identities! 
Viperion::: I promise you that won't happen! 
Ladybug::: Lucky Charm!A dino huggie?
Viperion::: The stuffed animal is for a man with a red hat. His childhood dream was to become a dino huggie.
Ladybug::: Got it! 
Shadow Moth:::What a brilliant idea, Wishmaker! 
Viperion::: Watch out, Cat Noir! 
Man with a red beret::: It's a dino huggie!
Man with a red beret:::Wow! I'm a dino huggie!
Ladybug::: Look! Wishmaker needs a big dino hug!
Man with a red beret:::Big hug! Big hug! Big hug! Big hug! Pretty hug! Pretty hug!
Wishmaker::: Noooo!
Ladybug::: Cat Noir, now! 
Cat Noir::: Cataclysm! 
Ladybug::: No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!Time to de-evilize!Gotcha!Bye-bye, little butterfly! Miraculous Ladybug!Alec, this magical charm will remind you that our negative emotions make us vulnerable. I'm sure it'll help you to stay positive.
Alec::: Thank you, Ladybug!
Ladybug, Cat Noir, and Viperion::: Pound it!
Alec::: When I was a kid, I just want people to be happy! So now, I'm gonna do what I should've been doing all along: help people through a new TV show! What about you guys? What are your dreams? 
Ladybug::: Sorry, Alec, but when you're a superhero, even your dreams have to remain a secret.
Viperion::: Bye, Alec! 
Cameraman::: Uhh, should I roll now?
Shadow Moth::: I haven't unmasked you yet, Ladybug and Cat Noir. But the day will come when I, too, will find a way to make my dream come true! 
Ladybug::: Thank you, Luka. Thanks to you, our secret identities were preserved and no one discovered who Cat Noir and I really are.Uhh... not even you, right?
Luka::: Not even me. Luckily, Wishmaker never hit you or Cat Noir.
Ladybug::: Spots off! 
Marinette::: Luka! Thank you for hiding me in here.
Luka::: Uh- It was nothing, Marinette! You know you can always count on me!
Adrien:::You guys are okay!
Luka::: We're all okay, thanks to Ladybug and Cat Noir. 
Adrien::: I may not remember my childhood dreams, but that's okay! It's time to focus on the future and find my inner music, like Luka said! Plagg? What are you doing?
Plagg:::I'm curious to hear what a camembert concerto sounds like!
Marinette:::You know what? I decided that I'm gonna do it all!I'll be Ladybug, I'll design clothes, jewelry, furniture, space rockets, I'll be Luka's bestfriend, and I will love Adrien!
Fluff::: But how will you do it all at the same time?
Marinette::: I... don't know how... yet. But yes, I can do this!
Alec:::Welcome to Live Your Childhood Dream! And now, we're gonna love one another, starting with everyone loving themselves! Because how are you gonna love other people if you don't love yourself? Welcome to Live Your Childhood Dream! 
