Fishlegs::: All right, Meatlug, there we go. Good girl. Hey, you know what I just realized? This is a new record for Gronckle Iron production.  Who's a good iron-making machine? Yes, you are.
Snotlout::: Whatever. If it weren't for Hookfang, that would just be a glob of useless barfed-up metal.
Tuffnut::: Well, if it weren't for Barf and Belch . . .
Ruffnut::: We rest our case.
Tuffnut::: Uh-huh...
Fishlegs::: Uh, Hiccup? I think Meatlug might be ready for a break. She's starting to lose her gag reflex.
Snotlout::: Guess the perfect little machine isn't so perfect, after all.
Fishlegs::: Have you checked your dragon? The giant oven doesn't look too perky, either.
Snotlout::: Huh?
Tuffnut::: Uh, what?
Hiccup::: Really? You too, bud? All right, that's it! Dragons, to your corners!
Tuffnut::: Hey, Hiccup. Did you know that upside-down you actually have a metal arm instead of a metal leg?
Hiccup::: What is going on around here?
Astrid::: Hiccup, we've been working really hard on these reinforcement walls. Everyone is just tired. Look at the dragons.
Snotlout::: You know, Hookfang and I could really use a vacay.
Tuffnut::: Vacation? Count us in. We'll grab our straw helmets and a chilling tale of Viking murder to read on some enchanted beach, laughing as the waves crash against us.
Hiccup::: Guys, I get that you're all tired, but remember why we're doing this.
Snotlout::: Oh, because you told us to.
Hiccup::: No, because Viggo is out there. And when he finally realizes he can't use the Dragon Eye without the key, he's gonna come looking for it. We can't leave the Edge unguarded again.
Ruffnut::: So, yay or nay on the vacay?
Hiccup::: Oh, gods...
Astrid::: Working on your map, huh?
Fishlegs::: Need any help?
Hiccup::: No, thanks, I'm kind of -
Astrid::: You sure? 'Cause, you know, Fishlegs is really great with maps.
Fishlegs::: Really great. 
Hiccup::: Okay, fine, out with it, you two. You didn't come all the way up here because you love cartography.
Astrid::: We object.
Fishlegs::: We think everyone could use a break. The dragons are really cranky from being overworked.
Hiccup::: Guys, I thought we went over this.
Astrid::: Just hear us out.
Fishlegs::: As you know, we've been making Gronckle Iron. A lot of it. In doing so, we've exhausted the supply of sandstone on the Edge. And as you know, no sandstone, no Gronckle Iron.
Astrid::: There's a nearby island that has a huge supply of it. It's also deserted, quiet, and would be a great place to relax, and take a little break from real work.
Hiccup::: I don't really have a choice on this one, do I? Where is this island, exactly?
Hiccup::: All right. Viggo would most likely wait for low tide and try to penetrate the lower wall, then come up through the arena.
Stoick::: Which is why you've secured it from the outside. Hiccup, Gobber and I have defended Berk from much worse than a bunch of namby-pamby Dragon Hunters.
Hiccup::: I know, Dad, of course.
Gobber::: Ugh! Someone die? You two look like you're going to a Viking funeral.
Tuffnut::: And this is our vacation attire.
Hiccup::: Uh, this is not a vacation.
Ruffnut::: Call it what you will. But we plan to kick off our shoes and let the worries of the day melt away.
Snotlout:::  Did someone die? Was it Fishlegs?
Fishlegs::: No, it's not Fishlegs. I'm right here and ready to go.
Snotlout::: Go where? No one ever tells me anything. Hey, Chief. What are you doing here?
Stoick::: I'm here to look after your base until you all return.
Snotlout::: Return from where?
Tuffnut::: You remember that vacation we were talking about?
Snotlout::: Yes!
Tuffnut::: Well, it's not that. We're not going to a deserted island paradise to have any fun whatsoever. Instead, we're going to work, slave away in the sandstone mines.
Snotlout::: What?
Hiccup::: All right, saddle up. We need to get there before dark.
Tuffnut:::  Remember, Chicken eats six times a day. Small portions. She's trying to trim down. Then she gets special time before bed. You can read to her, tell her stories, massage her. But if you're reading stories, nothing too scary though. Horrible nightmares where she scratches and claws in the air. Stay about three feet away when she's sleeping.
Gobber::: I got it, Tuffnut. I'll look after her as if she were one of my own.
Hiccup::: All right, everyone. Let's do this.
Snotlout::: This place is insane! Look at that lagoon! Last one in is a rotten two-thousand-year-old egg.
Hiccup::: Uh, all right, fine, just a quick swim, then it's back to work.
Tuffnut::: Whoo-hoo!
Ruffnut::: Yeah! 
Fishlegs::: Whoo-hoo! Whoo! Cannonball! 
Snotlout::: Oh, no!
Hiccup::: What's the matter, bud? Don't feel like a swim?
Hiccup::: Ah, okay. You just keep watch then.  Whoo-hoo!
Fishlegs:::  Watch the eyes, not the eyes!
Hiccup::: Okay, guys. Got that out of our system. Now its time for the other kind of fun. Working.
Snotlout::: Dude, lighten up. R-E-L-A-X. Relax.
Tuffnut::: Take a load off, H.
Ruffnut::: Those rocks aren't going anywhere. Unless you move them.
Hiccup:::  Oh, not you, too, Astrid. You're killing me.
Astrid::: Hiccup, we're all behind you 100 percent.
Snotlout:::  Snotlout! 
Hiccup::: Oh, that's nice.
Astrid::: But you can't expect them to be you. They're your soldiers. And good soldiers will work until their hands are raw and until their backs are almost breaking. But there does come a point when they need time to regroup, to forget about being soldiers and just be people.
Hiccup:::  You're right. I've been pushing them really hard.
Snotlout::: Snotlout! Snotlout! Oy! Oy! Oy!
Hiccup::: They deserve this.
Tuffnut::: Dinner is served...
Fishlegs::: What is that smell?
Astrid::: What is this?
Tuffnut::: Oh, glad you asked, milady. That would be salt-encrusted sea bass with a salted seaweed gravy. Mixed in with salt and all finished with a little pinch of salt on top.
Hiccup:::  Whoa, that is salty.
Ruffnut::: Too much, you think?
Fishlegs::: Oh, weird. The dragons usually love fish, no matter how bad it tastes.
Snotlout::: Hookfang won't even touch it, and I've seen him eat piles of yak dung. I mean piles of fresh-out-of-the -
Astrid::: Okay, we get it, Snotlout.
Tuffnut::: Well, I chalk it up to underdeveloped palates. Both human and dragon.
Ruffnut::: Ooh! 
Tuffnut:::  Uh, I need to lay down. 
Ruffnut::: Me, too.
Fishlegs::: Shhh, it's okay, girl. It's sleep time. It's deep sleepy time.  Meatlug.
Fishlegs::: Meatlug? Meaty? Where are you? Oh, no. It's not safe out there got a Gronckle alone in the wild.
Fishlegs::: Quiet and serene, my butt. Meatlug? Here, girl. It's Daddy.  And I'm really scared, so it'd be great if you came out and . . .
Fishlegs ::: Is she sleepwalking? Oh, thank Thor. I'm here to take you . . .  . . .  home?  All right! All right! All right! I knew she was too tired. But I pushed her. Bad Fishlegs.  Bad! Okay, listen, girl. I promise, no more work until you're . . .
Fishlegs ::: You know, this is really Hiccup's fault if you think about it. Shouldn't you be mad at him? Help! Somebody! Anybody! Whoa!
Fishlegs::: Everybody, wake up!
Snotlout::: Zip it, Fish Face. The sun's not even out.
Fishlegs::: Oh, Thor!
Hiccup::: What's going on with the dragons?
Fishlegs::: I have no idea. All I know is that Meatlug was sleepwalking, and when I found her she was in a really bad mood and chased me through the forest and tried to kill me.
Hiccup::: I don't think they're playing.
Astrid::: Stormfly, no!
Ruffnut::: This is all your fault, you know.
Tuffnut::: My fault?
Ruffnut::: Yeah. That stupid salty fish. They hate us because they went to bed hungry and now they're all cranky.
Tuffnut::: That salt was properly pinched.
Ruffnut::: Your brain is properly pinched.
Hiccup::: No, it's not the fish. Look at their saddles. They've been chewed off!
Fishlegs::: It's a revolt. They're rising up against us!
Astrid::: Why would they do that?
Snotlout::: I don't know. Why would they? 
Hiccup::: You think this is my fault?
Hiccup ::: Okay, everyone split up. If we're together, we're vulnerable.
Tuffnut::: Got it!
Astrid::: Hiccup, come on!
Hiccup::: It seems that Toothless is okay. We'll hold them off until you guys are clear. We'll find you.
Hiccup::: We better get out of here too, bud.
Hiccup::: We better find the others before the dragons do.
Gobber::: Chicken! Chicken! Here chicky, chicky. It's special time. I've got a nice story to tell you about a sheep family and their igloo made of wool.
Gobber::: Oh, hello, Skullcrusher. You haven't seen Chicken, have you?
Gobber:::  Please, tell me you didn't.
Gobber ::: You did. You ate Chicken. Stoick is going to lose his -
Stoick::: Gobber, are you bothering my dragon while he's eating?
Gobber::: Yes, well, about that, Chief...
Stoick::: Leave him be. He might try to take a bite out of you if he's feeling extra hungry. 
Gobber::: Wouldn't want that, now, would we?
Stoick::: No. We wouldn't.
Stoick::: Ah, Gobber, Come on. You ate the boy's pet? And of course, I have to break the news to the lad. Or do I?
Hiccup::: Nothing. They must have really split up. See if you can pick up any sounds, bud.  Okay, those weren't the sounds we were looking for. I haven't seen them act like this since we trained them. They're hunting like wild dragons.
Hiccup::: And apparently, they're still pretty good at it.
Ruffnut:::  No! Don't shoot!
Hiccup::: Ruff! You okay?
Ruffnut::: No, I'm NOT okay. I'm cracking under the pressure.
Hiccup::: Ruff, you're fine. Have you seen any of the others?
Ruffnut::: You said split up!
Hiccup::: I know, but -  Get down!  We need to find the rest of the Riders. Fast.
Fishlegs::: Meatlug! There's my Meatlug!
Fishlegs::: What are you doing?
Tuffnut::: What are 'you' doing? Trying to get us a one-way ticket to Valhalla?
Fishlegs::: My dragon is still inside there, Tuffnut. I can reason with her.
Tuffnut::: Did you see the look in her eyes? That was the look of a killer. I know this because I see it in my own reflection. Pure killer. 
Snotlout::: I never should've trusted that dragon. The way he looks at me sometimes, I know he thinks of me as a dinner, or a light lunch, at least. I should have picked a less ferocious dragon, like a Nadder.
Astrid::: Snotlout, if you don't shut your piehole, I'm gonna leap out into the open and plead with them to eat us both.
Snotlout::: Shh! I hear something.
Astrid::: They're actually hunting us. How did it come to this?
Snotlout::: Let's just hope Hiccup and Toothless get them before they get to us.
Gobber::: All right, you're going to have to get used to Tuffnut's strange affection for you. He's going to squeeze you and hold you and talk to you and tell you ridiculous stories. But trust me, its better than what my chickens have in store for them. Now, let's go find some paint, so we can get you looking exactly right.
Stoick::: Here we go. Hopefully, Tuffnut will believe this is his chicken. What am I saying? I'm the Chief. I'll order him to believe it.  Hey, I'm not proud of it, but that's the plan, so stick to it.
Tuffnut::: Hiccup! Run!
Hiccup::: Why? What's the matter?
Fishlegs::: Hookfang. He landed in the woods and he's coming this way!
Hiccup::: Oh, he certainly is!
Snotlout::: Run!
Astrid::: Barf and Belch are right behind us!
Hiccup::: We played right into their hands.
Tuffnut::: Technically, dragons don't have hands, so that expression doesn't -  Maybe We fell right into their talons?
Hiccup::: The point is, we're about to be . . .
Hiccup ::: . . . surrounded.
Hiccup::: Other way!
Astrid::: Hiccup, how long are we gonna to wait until we make our next move?
Hiccup::: What 'next move'? I'm out of next moves.
Hiccup::: That way!
Hiccup::: There! A cave!
Fishlegs::: Hiccup, that's not gonna hold for long. We need to find another way out of here.
Snotlout::: 
Hiccup::: Just say it. I know what you're thinking.
Snotlout::: All I'm saying is we wouldn't be in this position if your tyrannical behavior, due to your obsessive need to one-up Viggo, had not driven our poor dragons to the brink of insanity. There, I said it.
Tuffnut::: Wow. That was both dramatically impressive and logically sound.
Snotlout::: Thank you, Tuffy.
Hiccup::: You all think this was my fault?  Okay, well, how about this? If the dragons have been driven to the brink of madness, as you say, why is Toothless completely unaffected?
Tuffnut::: Great argument. That would be just as logically sound, if it weren't for one small thing. 
Hiccup::: Oh great.
Hiccup ::: Look at me. It's me, it's Hiccup. Toothless, whatever's going on, we can get through this.  Just talk to me. Toothless, just relax.
Tuffnut::: I am not going out this way. 
Hiccup::: Whoa! What in the name of Thor was that?
Tuffnut::: That, my friend, was salt. Just a pinch.
Everyone::: Salt?
Tuffnut::: Hey, I didn't see any of you stepping up, so I went with what I had. And what I had was salt.
Snotlout::: And you fed us that stuff.
Tuffnut::: Did you see that? It jumped out of Toothless' skin. That was awesome. Quick! Put it on me! Put it on me!
Fishlegs::: Of course. A Grimora. That's why the dragons were hunting us.
Snotlout::: A Grim-what-a?
Fishlegs::: Grimora. It's a rare parasite that attach themselves to dragons and release a toxin that causes them to turn wild. But Grimora usually only live in fresh water.
Astrid::: The lagoon. Our dragons must have picked them up when we went swimming.
Hiccup::: They chewed off their saddles to get the Grimoras off of them. Not because they were rebelling. See? And you thought I was working them too hard.
Hiccup::: Okay, you're right. I was working then too hard. Point taken.
Ruffnut::: Okay, so all we need to do is find the rest of our dragons and throw salt on them.
Fishlegs::: You know that could work.
Tuffnut::: Sorry, gonna have to disagree with you there, Fishy. Out of salt. Used the last of it on T and then, you know, the salt-crusted sea bass, which, I might add, no one liked. Everybody likes salt now, but when it was on the sea bass . . . Nuh-uh.
Hiccup::: Well then, we're just gonna have to lead them to the next best salt location.
Snotlout::: Lead them? They're trying to eat us. Did you forget that?
Hiccup::: Nope, just don't let them catch you.  Okay, bud. Plasma Blast!
Snotlout:::  Thank Thor, they're gone.
Fishlegs::: Meatlug!
Snotlout::: Hookfang!
Hiccup::: Remember the plan! You'll be fine as long as you remember . . .
Hiccup ::: . . . the plan.
Fishlegs::: Please don't eat me. I love you! Oh, Thor!
Astrid::: Keep coming, Stormfly!  Come on in! Bath time. You love bath time.
Fishlegs::: Pyrite. It's your favorite, girl.  Go get it!
Fishlegs::: It worked! It actually worked! 
Astrid::: Come on, Stormfly. You love the water! All right. I hate to do this, girl, but you're not giving me much of a choice.
Astrid::: There's my girl. Don't worry. We won't tell anyone about your soft spot. We'll just keep that between you and me.
Snotlout::: Come on, Hookfang! Remember all those great times we had burning places down together? You really want to throw that all away?  Doesn't that mean anything to you?
Snotlout::: Yes! Five thousand pounds of raw dragon power back in action!
Tuffnut::: Stop spilling the water, will ya?
Ruffnut::: Stop yelling at me, will ya?
Tuffnut::: I'm sorry! I yell when I'm terrified! You know that!
Ruffnut::: I do know that, but it doesn't make it okay!
Tuffnut::: Now!
Tuffnut::: See ya later, ya leeches!
Hiccup::: Good job, guys!
Hiccup::: No, no, no, no! We gotta get you in the water.
Hiccup ::: Stay with me!
Hiccup ::: No, Toothless, the water!
Hiccup ::: No, Toothless!
Astrid::: Come on. Come on.
Astrid::: Yes!
Hiccup::: Welcome back, bud.
Snotlout::: Hookfang and I decided, no more vacation for us.
Astrid::: I think a better plan would be when we need a break, we'll just stay a little closer to home.
Fishlegs::: I'm all for that.
Hiccup::: Actually, the best plan would be for me to lighten up a little on my Viggo obsession.
Snotlout::: And tyrannical behavior. Don't forget that.
Tuffnut::: Hey Gobber, you decided to get one of your own? Can't blame ya.
Gobber::: No, this is yours. This is The Chicken, himself.
Tuffnut::: Uh, no it's not.
Stoick::: He's right. The real Chicken is right here, isn't he? Just read him a story and everything.
Tuffnut::: That's great, Chief, but nope, not my chicken, either. Different chicken.
Stoick:::  Tuffnut, by order of the Chief of Berk, this is your chicken!
Tuffnut::: Hey, Chicken! Come here, come here. Yes, that's it. You have a good time playing with Uncle Gobber? Of course, you did. Come on, my one and only Chicken, I'll tell you a new story. It's got dragons and little slimy leechy things that turn them into killers. It's hard to believe it all happened, but it's a true story. You're gonna love it. 
Gobber::: Can't believe you tried to fake a chicken. You're the chief, for crying out loud.
Stoick::: Me? Yours didn't even look like a chicken, it looked like a rooster.
Gobber::: I'm good at weapons. I'm not good at chickens...
