Hiccup::: Huh? sighs
Snotlout::: So, you wouldn't let me take the Dragon Eye Lenses to Defenders of the Wing Island because?
Hiccup::: sighs Astrid, Fishlegs, and the twins are setting up the summit meeting at Defenders of the Wing Island, while you and I -
Snotlout::: Go pick up Atali, fill her in on Johann and take her there.
Hiccup::: Exactly.
Snotlout::: But why didn't I go set up the summit meeting? I mean, Astrid could be on escort duty.
Hiccup::: Snotlout, what difference does it make?
Snotlout::: I just like to know where I stand.
Hiccup::: I need you here with me, okay, Snotlout?
Snotlout::: Oh, I get it now. You need me and my skills, because the Wingmaidens, they love me. Do I have this right?
Hiccup::: Yes, Snotlout. You could not be more right.
Snotlout::: Snotlout laughs Oh, I love being right.
Atali::: Trader Johann? I assume you did not see that one coming.
Snotlout::: You also like being right.
Atali::: He is a threat of most serious proportions, not only to you, the Berserkers and Defenders of the Wing, but to us, Wingmaidens, and our sacred mission.
Hiccup::: Which is why we need you at this summit meeting.
Atali::: Minden.
Minden::: I'll prepare to accompany you on the journey, Atali.
Atali::: Actually, Nadia will join me. She has the diplomatic skills necessary.
Minden::: But, Atali, I can be extremely effective.
Atali::: I have no doubts, Minden. However, I need you here. Wingmaiden Island must be defended.
Minden::: Yes, of course, but, Atali, I can do this!
Atali::: Minden, please. I have made my decision. Begin with fortification on the east side of the island. Minden groans in defeat  We are at our highest alert level.
Snotlout::: Passed over for the skinny blonde? Been there.
Hiccup::: Hiccup gestures for Snotlot to follow her Huh?
Snotlout::: Oh, my Thor.
Atali::: Hiccup, you and your dragon should rest while I prepare for the journey ahead.
Astrid::: Once Hiccup arrives with Atali, we've got to figure out a strategy to deal with the Flyers and now, Johann. Until then, we have to find a safe place to keep the Dragon Eye Lenses.
Mala::: Might I suggest we place them inside our volcano. It's far from the easiest location to access.
Dagur::: Chuckles Inside an active volcano? That's what you're proposing?
Mala::: Yes.
Dagur::: Well, what happens when, you know, it erupts?
Mala::: If it erupts, we have the Eruptodon to manage its lava flow.
Dagur::: If, when, same thing really. And you're sure your Great Protector can handle a full-scale eruption? Of course you're not. Berserker Island is the obvious choice. Our Berserker guards-
Mala::: Allowed a coup to take place right under their noses. I do have that correct, right?
Dagur::: Chuckling This one thinks she's got it all figured out. But she really has nothing figured out!
Astrid::: Okay, let's just all calm down for a second.
Dagur::: Yells Tuffnut gasps and drops the popcorn I'm calm! Chuckles Do I not look calm? I mean, I'm not crazy. It's her, right? I mean, look at me.
Fishlegs::: We got this. Meatlug, drop spin. Meatlug spins dragging her tail and creates a cirlce in the dirt This is what I like to call common ground. Won't you join me?
Minden::: How can Atali not trust me to go with her? I mean, Nadia? Seriously? What does she have that I don't?
Snotlout::: You're speaking my lingo, Mindo, but that's the way of the world. Our leaders give the important jobs to the skinny blondes and give us dumb tasks to keep us busy and want us to be appreciative. You ask me, I think they're scared of being shown up by true warriors. But it ain't gonna change. I mean, there's a way it's supposed to be and a way that it is.
Minden::: I can't accept that. I won't accept that.
Snotlout::: If you don't accept it, it will eat away at you until it rips you in two. And trust me -
Wingmaiden::: Minden! Minden! A fire has broken out on the west side of the island. And it's spreading quickly!
Snotlout::: Ugh! I'll go get Hiccup.
Minden::: Snotlout, no!
Snotlout::: What do you mean no?
Minden::: What if this is my chance? What if this is my moment to prove her wrong, to prove that I can handle things on my own?
Snotlout::: laughs Yeah. Look, I've had the same thoughts, okay? But it doesn't work like that!
Minden::: Round up all the guards and meet me on the west side of the island.
Wingmaiden::: All the guards?
Minden::: Every one. Together, under my guidance, we will stop this fire.
Snotlout::: Nope. Okay, I don't know about this, Mindo. That fire is huge. Huge!
Minden::: Wingmaidens, fire line formation!
Wingmaiden::: Fire break complete, Minden.
Minden::: You see, Snotlout? We didn't need Hiccup or Atali. This will surely show her that I am more than capable of- Explosions occur near the Wingmaiden outpost
Hiccup::: Oh, no.
Atali::: Where's Minden? And the guards?
Hiccup::: I'll draw them away. You stay here and protect the Razorwhips.
Atali::: No. Hiccup, this is my island. I will defend it.
Hiccup::: Where were you guys?
Snotlout::: We were- I-It wasn't me, Hiccup. I was trying to stop her -
Atali::: Why were the guards not in place?
Minden::: They were with me.
Atali::: Doing what, Minden?
Minden::: Putting out a fire on the west of the island.
Atali::: A fire? Minden, that was a diversion, a trap. You fell right into it and left us completely -
Minden::: Atali!
Hiccup::: Toothless! Toothless dives and catches her before she can complete her descent onto some rocks All right, that was close.
Minden::: Full retreat! Protect the newborns!
Minden::: Quick! In here!
Hiccup::: It's okay. We're here to help.
Minden::: Why are they attacking us?
Hiccup::: They're looking for a Dragon Eye Lens. Minden, I need to know if you have one of these hidden somewhere on the island.
Minden::: No. I've never seen one before.
Hiccup::: Well, thank Thor for that.
Minden::: So what do we do now?
Hiccup::: I'll send terror-mail to the Defenders of the Wing. Hopefully Astrid and the other Riders will get here in time.
Snotlout::: Hey. Why are you lying?
Minden::: I'm not lying.
Snotlout::: You forgot who you're talking to, Mindo. See, I've never seen it in the mirror, but, uh, I know that look. You've got a Dragon Eye Lens on this island, don't you? Minden looks down with guilt chuckles I knew it.
Minden::: Snotlout, don't. Look, I'll get the Lens before the Dragon Flyers can find it.
Snotlout::: That is a terrible idea.
Minden::: I need to redeem myself.
Snotlout::: Minden, it's not worth the risk.
Minden::: It is to me! I need to do this, Snotlout.
Snotlout::: If this goes south and trust me, it's gonna go south, you are going to have to tell Hiccup that I tried really, really hard to talk you out of it. Got it!
Mala/::: I've been leading  the  Defenders of the  Wing  for  years  now. .
Fishlegs::: Alright, okay! I understand what you're saying. Dagur, Mala wants you to know that she's been though more conflicts than you have hairs on your head.
Dagur::: Oh, my hairline! Really? Oh, well, um, sorry, it was on my father's side. You can tell Miss Conquest over there that although she hopes her plan works, hope is, in fact, not a strategy!
Mala::: Ugh!
Fishlegs::: I think she heard you.
Mala/::: Hope is instrumental  to keeping  morale  high, if you knew  anything! 
Tuffnut::: Fishlegs, Fishlegs, Fishlegs. Obviously mediation isn't your forte.
Ruffnut::: Obvi. What you need are professionals.
Tuffnut::: And it just so happens that Ruff and I have mediated every Thorston family squabble, since before we could talk. Yeah, we did a couple in the old womb. Don't you worry. We'll have this situation under control before you can say -
Ruffnut::: Tightrope.
Fishlegs::: Tight, what?
Ruffnut::: Tightrope!
Tuffnut::: The first one to knock the other off the rope wins!
Ruffnut::: Tightrope, tightrope, tightrope, tightrope.
Astrid::: Uh, do you two even know what mediation means?
Tuffnut::: Yeah, the act of spending time in quiet thought or reflection.
Fishlegs::: Usually resulting in clarity of mind and relaxed bowels.
Astrid::: Uh, that's meditation, sort of.
Tuffnut::: Hold on, hold on. Who's the authority on mediation you or us? And who's the authority on relaxed bowels? Ruffnut. Ruffnut breaks wind I thought so.
Astrid::: Ugh.
Minden::: It's down there.
Snotlout::: Down there as in how far down?
Minden::: As in all the way down. It's impossible to reach without flight.
Snotlout::: Yeah, I could see that.
Minden::: Get it together, Snotlout.
Snotlout::: Keep it to yourself, okay? Snotlout follows Minden down
Snotlout::: Wow. These are cool. What are they?
Minden::: When a Razorwhip falls in battle, we pay homage to them. It's said that the spirits of fallen dragons haunt this shrine. If you listen closely, you can even hear their calls.
Snotlout::: I'm not that psyched about a haunting right now. Or ever. No offense. Minden flies toward the eye of the Razorwhip painting Really? The Lens is in the eye? Snotlout scoffs and Minden places a giant lens over the eye which shines a guiding light to another area You know, I'd figured you guys would be waaaaaay Minden pulls Dragon Eye lens out of the place to which the light shined better than that. Hmm.
Hiccup::: Snotlout! Minden! Snotlout! Oh, perfect. Stay here! Defend Atali and the Razorwhips. Do not let anyone in here but me. Hiccup and Toothless leave the cave and fly towards the Flyers We gotta get these guys away from the Wingmaidens. Toothless fires at a Flyer, knocking him off his dragon but causing rest of the Flyers to chase after him and Hiccup Snotlout, I could really use your help right about now.
Minden::: chuckling Snotlout! We did it!
Snotlout::: Have you ever heard the expression, Let's not start slapping each other's yaks just yet?
Minden::: I don't believe so, but I'm guessing it's not good.
Snotlout::: Correct.
Hiccup::: That's it, bud. Climb higher! Toothless ascends and the high-altitude hating Singetails get further away Yeah!
Krogan::: Well, what a pleasant surprise.
Snotlout::: We're too late!
Minden::: No!
Snotlout::: Minden! Hookfang blocks the fire and catches Minden Ah! We got you. Dive, Hookfang, dive!
Krogan::: Leave them. The boy and his dragon will serve our purpose.
Snotlout::: Hookfang! Hookfang lets out a hurt groan Okay, Hiccup's captured, Atali's wounded, and Hookfang is out of commission. We got to think. Minden? Hello?! I could really use you right now.
Minden::: I have failed, Snotlout. I have failed Atali, and I have failed my tribe.
Snotlout::: Yeah, okay, we can talk about that later. But right now -
Minden::: All of this is because of me, because of the choices I've made.
Snotlout::: No, no, no, what are you doing?
Minden::: I'm sorry, little one. I am no longer worthy of the responsibility. I have dishonored you. You were right, Snotlout. It is pointless to try. I shall be a Wingmaiden no more.
Snotlout::: Oh, no. You're messing with me, right? This is some Wingmaiden practical joke thing. Ha-ha. I get it. Funny. Weird, but funny. Minden, don't do this!
Snotlout::: Okay. This is bad, Hooky. Minden quit, somehow because of me, although you can back me up I did nothing. Hookfang lifts his head snorts in Minden's direction Not a chance. I'm not going after her. I got my own problems. Baby Razorwhip chimes in Oh, you really want to chime in? Baby Razorwhip bites Snotlout's hand Ow! Baby Razorwhip picks up Snotlout and starts to fly erractically Hey! Hookfang sounds in amusement Snotlout screams Oh, gods! Oh, no! Snotlout screams again and the baby Razorwhip drops him on the ground in front of Minden Snotlout gets up and laughs I don't know how to control this thing. It pretty much does whatever it wants. Baby Razorwhip picks him up again and drops him to the ground before settling on his back Ugh! You saw that, right? Minden, listen, I think we may have gotten our signals crossed here. I never told you it was okay to just quit. All right, here it is. Quitting, as good as it feels and as little effort as it requires, never works. I've quit the Dragon Riders so many times, so I speak from experience.
Minden::: But Atali, she doesn't respect me.
Snotlout::: She gave you the most important job of all, to defend the whole island while she was gone.
Minden::: But you said I was passed over for a blonde.
Snotlout::: And you listened to me? I'm an idiot. Ask anyone. Baby Razorwhip jumps on Snotlout's helmet Give me that. Snotlout tries to grab it but it retreated to his back
Minden::: I-I don't know.
Snotlout::: Look, this is it right here. This is your moment. Maybe not your moment of glory, but the moment you decide what's most important to you, your own feelings or the vow you made to these women and all of these dragons.
Minden::: Wow, Snotlout. I've never been spoken to like that.
Snotlout::: Well, I'm sorry, but -
Minden::: No. I-I like it. It's so honest, sincere.
Snotlout::: Well, I am known for my sincerity.
Snotlout::: Uh...
Minden::: All right, let's think.
Snotlout::: Hey, while we're thinking, could you get this thing off of me? Minden whistles and the baby Razorwhip comes back to her Wait, all Razorwhips can do that?
Minden::: Yep.
Snotlout::: Hmm?
Mala::: Okay, forward. Carefully, carefully. No, no, no. Don't go left.
Dagur::: Oh, oh! Oh.
Dagur::: chuckles Caught you, Mala. Not as bony as I thought you were.
Mala::: What did you say?
Dagur::: Kidding! Kidding.
Astrid::: I can't believe this is actually working.
Tuffnut::: Can you believe that this is actually working?
Ruffnut::: I mean, that is the dumbest thing we've ever come up with.
Tuffnut::: They're eating it up.
Ruffnut::: I'm going back for seconds.
Fishlegs::: Ugh, the face. It's always the face. Fishlegs takes the mail and the Terrible Terror flies off Oh, no. The Dragon Flyers have attacked Wingmaiden Island.
Astrid::: Mala! Dagur! Hiccup's in trouble.
Random Flyer::: Hey! Dragon Rider!
Snotlout::: Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Hiccup::: Uh, Snotlout, what are you doing?
Snotlout::: Trust me. It's gonna be awesome. You ready? Turns to the baby Razorwhip and it cries in agreement and he pulls out a Dragon Eye lens You want this? Come and get it.
Hiccup::: Oh, great.
Snotlout::: Now! Wingmaidens whistle causing their baby Razorwhips to fly to the Flyers, grab them and carry them off Snotlout laughs at his success which is short-lived as Krogan suddenly appears Oh, no. This is gonna hurt. Oh, no! Hiccup and Toothless remove Krogan from his dragon Huh? Snotlout starts laughing again which is short-lived again as Krogan's dragon comes back and rescues him What the Thor was that?!
Hiccup::: It looks like Krogan and his Singetail have some sort of bond.
Mala::: Get ready to fire from the side!
Dagur::: On your command, Mala.
Mala::: Roll, dragon, roll! Now!
Dagur/Mala::: We make a pretty good team!
Dagur::: Gasps Jinx!
Mala::: Jinx?
Dagur::: I can't believe we ever argued.
Mala::: Nor can I, Dagur the Deranged.
Dagur::: Deranged. Laughs It sounds so royal when she says it.
Mala::: Obviously.
Tuffnut::: Another successful Thorston mediation. Ha-ha! Now go relax those bowels, people.
Minden::: These will be safe here.
Snotlout::: You still quitting?
Minden::: My judgment isn't the best. I've proven that these past hours.
Atali::: Nonsense! Are you overeager? Yes. Reckless? Yes. But so was I. You're a Wingmaiden. And your resolve will make you a great leader someday.
Snotlout::: I know what you're gonna say. Somehow this is all my fault.
Hiccup::: Actually, Snotlout, you stepped up and helped Minden. You're a valuable member of our tribe.
Snotlout::: So next time you have an important job, you'll -
Hiccup::: You have to fight Astrid for it.
Snotlout::: Yeah. You know what? I'm good. I'm great. You got it, Astrid. Snotlout frowns accepting his place All good here. All good, baby.
