Heather::: Come on, Windshear, get us out of here.
Dagur the Deranged::: Oh, Heather, don't fight it.
Hiccup::: Toothless, we have to save her!
Dagur::: Well, look who the dragon flew in! Glad you could join us, brother! It wouldn't feel like a family reunion without you. Now, take out that Night Fury!
Hiccup::: Blast the chains, Toothless, now! Toothless tries Dragon-proof chains?!
Dagur::: Ha-ha! Nice try, Hiccup! You didn't think I'd make it that easy for you, did you?
Savage::: Come on, lads, get him!
Hiccup::: Whoa! Okay, that was too close! Come on, bud. If we can't blast the chains... blast the winches!
Dagur::: Come to Dagur...
Hiccup::: Fire! Nice shooting, bud! They blast the winches and Heather is free
Dagur::: Walks up to one of his soldiers Ahem. Excuse me, what good are dragon-proof chains WITHOUT DRAGON - PROOF WINCHES?! Shoves the soldier through a hole in the deck.
Hiccup::: Heather you can't take on Dagur and his fleet all by yourself!
Heather::: I'm not by myself. I have Windshear. I'm too close. I might not get this shot again!
Hiccup::: But this is suicide!
Heather::: I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
Hiccup::: But are you willing to sacrifice Windshear, too? Heather, there will be another time. I promise you!
Heather::: Blasting the winches, pretty smart.
Hiccup::: Yeah, and a little luck never hurts either. I talked to Johann. He told me Dagur wiped out your village... and your family. I'm sorry.
Heather::: Then you know why he has to pay.
Hiccup::: I do. But you don't have to do this alone.
Heather::: I don't know. It seems that I'm destined to be alone. First, when I was a little girl, I get separated from my birth family.
Hiccup::: Your birth family?
Heather::: Yes, but I don't remember much. It was so long ago. Just a few pictures in my mind. I remember my father's hands. They were rough, like sandstone, but so gentle. And I remember the smell of his wooden shield. I don't think I was supposed to play with it, but he let me anyway. And this. He gave me this horn. I don't know if it means something, but whenever I look at it, I think of him. I just wish I knew who he was.
Heather::: Look, I'm sorry I locked up your dragons. I just didn't trust that you guys would let me go after Dagur.
Fishlegs::: Trust does need to be earned with people and dragons.
Heather::: Thanks for understanding, Fishlegs.
Snotlout::: I don't really trust these guys either, Heather.
Snotlout::: Jealousy is an ugly quality, Astrid. But clearly, I understand where it comes from.
Astrid::: Ugh.
Hiccup::: The point is, we have you back, Heather. You're one of us.
Fishlegs::: Yeah, I stocked Windshear's stable with buckets of sea slugs.
Snotlout::: And I made room for you in my hut!
Hiccup::: And I've made it clear to Snotlout that you're not staying in his hut.
Tuffnut::: Even though you were the rogue dragon rider and you sabotaged our dragons and you snuck away in the dark of the night. Wait a minute, why do we like you again?
Heather::: I'm truly sorry, Tuffnut.
Tuffnut::: Staggers back Whoa! That was... sincere. What am I supposed to do with that? I'm a little bit flushed and overwhelmed. Little help here? People?!
Fishlegs::: And if you need any help with Windshear-
Snotlout::: Why don't I show you around the Edge? I'm basically chief.
Heather::: Thanks, guys, really. I--
Ruffnut::: Hey, glad you're back. Your dragon rocks.
Astrid::: Let's go have some girl time.
Heather::: Good idea.
Astrid::: Two axes are better than one!
Heather::: True. Unless you have one of these!
Astrid::: You really have to show me how you made that!
Heather::: Sure, but I prefer close combat to throwing... so I can stare my enemy in the eye.
Astrid::: Not a bad tactic. But don't discount... Hyah! Throws her axe at a tree.
Heather::: Hmm... The element of surprise. I like that.
Astrid::: That's one of Hiccup's favorite tactics.
Heather::: So, you two are a thing, right?
Astrid::: What? No, just friends!
Heather::: Come on. I've seen the way the you two are together.
Astrid::: No. Seriously. Friends.
Heather::: Hmm. He's kind of cute.
Astrid::: I guess. If you like that unassuming, heroic, dragon rider type.
Heather::: Bullseye.
Astrid::: Now, you and Snotlout, that's a match made in Valhalla. I don't know whether to thank you or feel sorry for you.
Heather::: I can handle Snotlout. And besides, I'm not into the macho Viking type. I like a little smarts. Like Fishlegs.
Astrid::: Fishlegs?! Seriously?!
Heather::: What? I think he's funny and cute.
Astrid::: We're talking about Fishlegs, right? The guy with the Gronckle?
Heather::: Okay, all right. Enough boy talk. What else do you do for fun around here?
Astrid::: Keep up!
Heather::: Aaaaaaaaaaah! Windshear catches her Thanks, Windshear!
Astrid::: Want to go two out of three?
Heather::: No. I want to show you something. If you can keep up.
Astrid::: Get 'em, Stormfly!
Hiccup::: Hey, would you knock it off, bud? Okay? Snooping will not gain her trust. Something falls out Huh. Wait a minute! That's my dad's Chief seal!
Astrid::: What are we doing back at your campsite? You forget something?
Heather::: Nope.
Astrid::: Stay put, Stormfly. Keep your ears up.
Heather::: Oh... It must be here.
Astrid::: Are you going to clue me in on what we're doing here? Hello?
Heather::: I'm looking for something.
Astrid::: Looking for something like... Trader Johann?
Trader Johann::: Miss Astrid, so nice to see you again. Would you mind, please, lowering you axe so my frightened soul might be granted safe passage back to my body?
Astrid::: Ugh.Removes her axe
Heather::: Johann! Thank Thor.
Trader Johann::: Oh. Miss Heather! I'm overjoyed you're not dead. When the Terrible Terror returned with the message I sent, I was sick with worry. Then, when I arrived here and saw your campsite abandoned, I feared the worst!
Astrid::: Alright, someone needs to tell me what's going on.
Trader Johann::: You see, Miss Astrid, if you need exotic spices from a foreign land, or one-of-a-kind cured leathers, or incredibly difficult to obtain information detailing the exact whereabouts of a certain dastardly Berserker, Trader Johann is your man.
Astrid::: Dagur!
Heather::: And if you need a warrior to take of that dastardly Berserker...Does some fancy moves with her axe... I'm your girl!
Astrid::: So he's got the info and you've got the axe. Now what?
Trader Johann::: Dagur is set to purchase a fleet of new ships from a group of salty undesirables in the Sea of Despair. But be wary. These new ships for his armada are outfitted with powerful anti-dragon winches and catapults. After the deal is done, I won't be able to find him again. Dagur will be back in the wind. Adrift, like a leaf in a stream...
Astrid::: Ugh.
Trader Johann::: And I've used my last grapevine, so I won't be able to offer my invaluable, yet expensive information.
Heather::: Got it. Thanks, Johann. Come on, Astrid.
Astrid::: You're not coming?
Trader Johann::: What part of this implies Rushing into battle on a flying lizard?
Gobber::: Hiccup! From my lips to Odin's ears. I was just saying I could use you and Toothless's help with a pesky flock of wild Nadders that have been driving me batty! Yeah, you heard me, you lousy...
Hiccup::: No time, Gobber. I need to see my dad. It's urgent.
Gobber::: Oh. In that case, he's in the Great Hall. But it's Berk's gripe day, so there might be a bit of a wait. Uh-huh. Stinky little buggers.
Sven::: Stoick, them wees ones of mine are making me crazy! They run all over the house, breaking and wrecking everything. They won't sit still for a minute. I'm exhausted.
Stoick::: Ugh. That's because they're sheep, Sven. And they should be kept outise!
Sven::: Aw, but they do get so lonely.
Hiccup::: Dad.
Stoick::: Hiccup!
Hiccup::: We really need to talk.
Stoick::: Hmm.
Heather::: We gotta go now. Dagur won't be out in the open for long.
Heather::: Guys, I wish Hiccup and Toothless were here, trust me. But they're not. And we can't wait. Dagur's ships are rigged with dragon-proof chains and grappling hooks. And the ships he's buying are even more powerful. But with all of us attacking at once, Dagur won't know what hit him.
Fishlegs::: I have to say any aerial assault of this magnitude would be foolish without Toothless. He's the most powerful dragon in our arsenal. But you're still my favorite, girl.
Snotlout::: Well, it's not like we need Hiccup and Toothless. But it's nice to know we have a Night Fury when things get hairy.
Heather::: You heard Johann, Astrid. This is our last chance. Tell them.
Astrid::: Well.. Look, Heather --
Heather::: You too? Just forget it. All that stuff about trust and having my back, I guess that was just talk.
Snotlout::: Oh, man! Awkward.
Stoick::: Where did you get this?
Hiccup::: It's Heather's.
Stoick::: Hmm.
Hiccup::: She's the girl that stole Stormfly a few years back.
Stoick::: Yes. Heather.
Hiccup::: Dad, that horn has your chief seal carved into it.
Stoick::: It does.
Hiccup::: Is there something you need to tell me>
Stoick::: When a Chief has a child, Hiccup, that child receives many gifts from all over. Now when you were born, I asked Gobber to make the smallest axe he'd ever imagined. With a handle tiny enough for a baby to grasp. I wanted you to start training the moment you opened you eyes. I thought your mother was going to feed me to the boars.
Hiccup::: I remember that axe.
Stoick::: Yeah, you used it as a paperweight.
Hiccup::: About the horn, Dad, Heather told me her father gave it to her. But it has your seal on it.
Stoick::: Hmm.
Hiccup::: Dad, is Heather my sister?
Heather::: Looks like it just you and me, Windshear... as usual.
Astrid::: Hey. If we're gonna do this, it has to be a capture mission, not a kill mission. Agreed?
Heather::: Agreed. We'll sink Dagur's armada, and drag him back to Outcast Island. Let him rot there.
Astrid::: Okay. Then we're with you.
Snotlout::: You can thank me. I was the one who rallied these guys.
Fishlegs::: Well, that's not really my recollection.
Snotlout::: Quiet, Fishlegs!
Fishlegs::: As soon as she left, your lips started to do that cute little quiver thing.
Snotlout::: You quiet! That's a tic! It's a tic when I'm about to fight.
Heather::: So, what changed your mind?
Astrid::: Hiccup. He would never want you to face Dagur alone again. And neither do I.
Heather::: Well, I know right where Dagur is.
Astrid::: Good. Then you won't need this. Now, Hiccup will be able to find us. So what's you plan?
Heather::: Hit him when he least expects it.
Dagur::: Ah. It's a good day to strengthen my armada. Then again, it's always a good day to strengthen my armada. What are you laughing at?
Savage::: The gold is ready for the exchange, sir. Should we move it to the deck?
Dagur::: No, leave it down below.
Savage::: But, sir, when they arrive with the ships, they'll be expecting our gold.
Dagur::: Yes! And instead of our gold, we'll give them our steel.
Hiccup::: Heather? Guys? Where did everyone go? Huh? Oh no.
Heather::: There he is.
Tuffnut::: Alright, let me guess. You want to attack like the rogue dragon rider that you are. A full frontal assault!
Heather::: No. Element of surprise?
One of Dagur's men::: Dragons! Incoming!
Dagur::: Prepare the grappling hooks! Ready the chains! It's hunting season.
Snotlout::: Ah. To high to hit anything!
Fishlegs::: We're supposed to divert Dagur's attention and stay high enough to avoid his weaponry.
Snotlout::: We got to get lower! I can't-- I said higher! Hookfang, higher!
Dagur::: What are they doing up there?
Another of Dagur's men::: Ah.
Astrid::: Nice surprise face. Yes.
Dagur::: What the...
Dagur::: What is going on? Oh, come on, already! Oh no! What are you doing? You two?
Heather::: Surprise, Dagur.
Astrid::: Two axes are better than one.
Dagur::: And twelve ships trumps two axes. I should've seen that coming.
Heather::: Windshear, finish it!
Astrid::: No, Heather, don't! You promised us a capture mission.
Heather::: Sorry, Astrid. I changed my mind. Dagur didn't capture my village. So this ends here.
Dagur::: If you kill me, Heather, you'll never know--
Heather::: Save it for the gods. Windshear!
Hiccup::: Stop! Heather, stop.
Heather::: Move, Hiccup.
Hiccup::: You don't understand.
Heather::: You promised me there would be another time, and this is it!
Hiccup::: Look. You told me your father gave you this.
Heather::: He did, but what are you doing?
Hiccup::: This is my father's Chief Seal.
Heather::: Stoick's steal is carved in my horn? What are you saying?
Hiccup::: I'm saying years ago, Stoick gave this horn to the Chief of the Berserker tribe, Oswald the Agreeable, as a gift for his newborn daughter. You were that newborn, Heather. Oswald the Agreeable is your father. And he is also Dagur's father.
Heather::: No.
Hiccup::: Heather, Dagur is your brother. You can't kill him.
Heather::: Astrid.
Astrid::: I-- It's the rest of Dagur's ships. Look out!
Hiccup::: Heather, we have to go.
Dagur::: I have to admit, you never disappoint, brother. Or maybe your actually my uncle. Who knows in this crazy world?
Hiccup::: Heather, come on.
Dagur::: Heather, I'm the only family you've got left. Join me, sister! Don't fight destiny. I know you feel the Berserker blood flowing through you veins.
Dagur::: What are you doing? Come back, sis! Heather the Unhinged has a nice ring to it, no? You'll be back and I will welcome you with open arms! We'll have to wait on that reunion. Pity! Huh? What? I really should've seen that one coming, too.
Hiccup::: All right, gang, back to the Edge!
Fishlegs::: Under the circumstances, I wholeheartedly agree with that plan.
Astrid::: Guess you're leaving. Again. I thought you were tired of being alone.
Heather::: I am.
Astrid::: Then don't be. It's safer here. You have support. And I'm here.
Heather::: I know. I just have a lot I need to figure out. Thanks, Astrid. It was nice having a friend again. Let's go girl.
Hiccup::: Hey, I know you guys got pretty close. I'm sorry you're losing a friend.
Astrid::: But I still have you.
