Fishlegs::: Yah! Hiccup! Yah, ha-ha.
Hiccup::: As you can see, I balanced the weight using Gronckle Iron so it's lighter and easier to carry.
Fishlegs::: Hiccup!
Hiccup::: Oh. Hey, Fishlegs. Uh, I was just going over some of the new features on the Dragon Eye Two.
Fishlegs::: You're not gonna believe what I discovered in Oswald's papers. Okay, I was in my hut, preparing my lesson plan for the Dragon Explorers campout.
Snotlout::: Dragon Explorers? Here? Soon? Great. A bunch of kids invading the island. Ugh, I'm starting to miss those Changewings.
Fishlegs::: The Dragon Explorers are not just kids. They're our future Dragon Riders.
Tuffnut::: Laughs Hey, wait a minute. Where's the Zippleback badge?
Ruffnut::: Travesty!
Snotlout::: And the Gronckle badge is the highest rank? Ha! Yeah, right.
Hiccup::: Fishlegs, what are y- what are you trying to say? Y-You found something in Oswald's papers?
Fishlegs::: Oh, it's horrible, Hiccup. Worse than horrible. I ca-I can't even say it.
Hiccup::: Well, just take a deep -
Fishlegs::: Generations ago, my ancestors were Dragon Hunters! Gasps
Hiccup::: What?
Fishlegs::: They called themselves the Loyal Order of Ingerman. They decimated the Dramillion dragons, pushing them to the brink of extinction. Who would do that?
Snotlout::: The Ingermans. I mean, after you said the Ingermans, I assumed the Ingermans.
Hiccup::: This was a long time ago, Fishlegs.
Fishlegs::: Everything I thought my family name stood for is destroyed. What am I gonna do, Hiccup? Dragon hunting is in my genes. It's a part of me. I'm doomed.
Fishlegs::: There you are, dragon. A hearty meal for a hungry hunter. Yells
Fishlegs::: Oh, I'm sorry, girl. I'm so sorry.
Fishlegs::: Oh, come on, come on, come on. It's got to be here somewhere. Come on, Fishlegs, find it!
Hiccup::: He's been at this for hours.
Astrid::: He seems pretty upset.
Snotlout::: Well, think about it. The guy who loves dragons more than anything else in the entire world, found out he comes from a long line of bloodthirsty dragon killers. I mean, if that's not ironic, I don't know what is.
Fishlegs::: Oh, I found it! Hiccup, look! I referenced what I found in Oswald's papers with the Book of Dragons. Then used map lenses on the Dragon Eye Two -
Snotlout::: Blah, blah, blah. What did you find?
Fishlegs::: Dramillion Island.
Hiccup::: Huh. We've scouted some of these islands, Fishlegs. There's not much out there.
Fishlegs::: But what if I'm right? What if there are Dramillions left? I have to make sure they're okay.
Hiccup::: Fishlegs -
Fishlegs::: If we leave now, we can make it by dusk.
Hiccup::: What about the Dragon Explorers? They're coming tomorrow.
Astrid::: They need their leader, Fishlegs.
Hiccup::: I'm sorry, but we're gonna have to wait to check out Dramillion Island.
Fishlegs::: Hiccup -
Tuffnut::: Laughs still looking at the book he took earlier Gronckle badge, as if that was a thing.
Fishlegs::: Hmm.
Fishlegs::: I can't do it. It's just not responsible. No! No! I have to do it! How can I be expected to shape young minds knowing my ancestors were dragon killers? It's completely hypocritical. Lifts his hand to knock Agh! I can't do it. What should I do, Meatlug? What? Oh! Uh!
Tuffnut::: Whatever you're doing, do it faster.
Ruffnut::: Yeah. You just ruined a perfectly good nightmare.
Fishlegs::: Oh. Hi. Okay, listen, I'm going to Dramillion Island.
Tuffnut::: Oh, sure you are. Nighty-night, Shellfishlegs.
Fishlegs::: Seriously. I'm going right now.
Tuffnut::: Taking off in the dark of the night, hmm?
Ruffnut::: Totally alone and without Hiccup's approval?
Tuffnut::: Well you have our approval, 'cause this is awesome.
Fishlegs::: I need you to watch the Dragon Explorers for me until I get back. Can you?
Tuffnut::: No problemo, my soon-to-be-disgraced amigo. You got the right Nuts for the job.
Ruffnut::: Stamp of approval.
Fishlegs::: Okay, but don't do anything with them.
Ruffnut::: Hey!
Tuffnut::: How could you?
Fishlegs::: Don't show 'em anything, and Thor forbid, don't try to teach 'em anything! Ruffnut chuckles I'll be back before they get here. Most likely. I probably won't even find anything.
Astrid::: Hmm.
Gobber::: Hold on tight, little ones. Grump is known for his hard landings.
Brenda::: Are you sure about this, Gobber?
Brant::: Let the dragon do the work, Gobber!
Gobber::: Nice and easy. Bit easier.
Hiccup::: Oh, Toothless!
Brenda::: Whew!
Gobber::: Perfect four-point landing, Grump. Couldn't have done it better myself. I figured I'd give 'em a bit of a thrill.
Hiccup::: Welcome to the Edge, Dragon Explorers. We're going to -
Brant::: Toothless!
Brenda::: Toothless!
Hiccup::: Pet Toothless, apparently.
Brant::: Toothless!
Gobber::: Not to worry. They're good kids. Shouldn't be any trouble at all. I'll be back in a few days to pick 'em up. You listen to Hiccup, now.
Brenda::: Toothless!
Hiccup::: Okay, hey, uh, you guys hungry? We have some fresh yak stew.
Brant::: Where's Fishlegs?
Hiccup::: Now, that is an excellent question.
Snotlout::: He's gone. When are you gonna learn that nobody listens to you?
Brant::: Fishlegs is gone?
Brenda::: What about us?
Brant/Brenda::: We want Fishlegs! We want Fishlegs! We want Fishlegs!
Tuffnut::: Have no fear, my fearful leader, because Fishlegs left us in charge.
Hiccup::: What? No, wait, why would he ever do that?
Ruffnut::: Follow us, Explorers! Adventure awaits!
Brant::: Yeah! Yeah! We love adventure! Yeah!
Snotlout::: Stings, huh? I know the feeling. Hiccup moves causing Snotlout to fall Aah!
Fishlegs::: No tracks. No molted scales. No dragon droppings. Hears a calling sound Shh. Watering hole. Come on. Shh. Goes to some bushes and pulls them apart revealing a sheep Well, I guess this was a giant waste of time. Sheep startles and starts back away What's wrong with him? Sheep runs away Huh? Fishlegs and Meatlug turn around and see a Dramillion A Dramillion! They're-they're not extinct! They're not extinct! Dramillion attacks and Meatlug carries Fishlegs out of harms way No! Oh! W-Why is it so aggressive? Oh, it knows. It knows I'm an Ingerman. The Dramillion and Meatlug fire Lava Blasts at each other before Meatlug runs at it Oh! Be careful, girl! Meatlug pounces and the Dramillion flips Meatlug into the nearby stream Meatlug! Okay, okay. I can see you're very upset. Fishlegs backpedals and trips over a rock Whoa!
Astrid::: Clear out, Fishlegs! Ha! Fire! Oh! Fishlegs runs and mounts Meatlug and the Dramillion fires a Magnesium Blast at Astrid What?
Fishlegs::: It has a lava blast and a magnesium blast? That's incredible!
Astrid::: Fight now, geek out later! Dramillion is show flying and shooting Magnesium and Lava blasts at the Riders Stormfly!
Fishlegs::: Shoot to stun. We don't want to hurt him!
Astrid::: Stormfly, fire!
Fishlegs::: Oh, I've never seen anything like that. Multiple attacks! Hiccup is gonna - was he really mad that I left?
Astrid::: If he was, he'll be mad at both of us.
Fishlegs::: Thanks, Astrid.
Astrid::: Hey, someone had to watch your back. Okay, you've seen one. Now what?
Fishlegs::: We know the Dramillion isn't extinct. Now we need to make sure they're not endangered. He's probably heading back to his pack. We should follow him.
Astrid::: So now we're looking for a pack of aggressive dragons with multiple attacks?
Fishlegs::: Isn't it great? Come on.
Astrid::: Ugh!
Tuffnut::: Listen up, tiny future Vikings. The Zippleback is a mystery class dragon known for its evasive, cunning behavior and totally insane gas explosions.
Ruffnut::: Much like us.
Tuffnut::: Do you think you have what it takes to earn your Zippleback badge?
Brenda::: Fishlegs says the Gronckle badge is the highest rank an Explorer can earn. I've spent half my life working for it.
Ruffnut::: Well, then that's half of your life - wasted! - , isn't it?
Tuffnut::: What's your name, Explorer? And what is your position in this badge-hierarchy debacle?
Brant::: Oh, that's Shrug. He doesn't say much.
Shrug::: Hmm.
Tuffnut::: All right, listen here. If you're going to be our Zipple Scouts, then the first thing you need to do is forget the teachings of one Fishlegs Ingerman. Tuffnut places the book on some firewood surrounded by rocks Fire at will, my gaseous compadres.
Shrug::: Whoa.
Tuffnut::: That, my little Zipple Scouts, is Zippleback gas. Rule number one, a little is never enough. Rule number two, a Zipple Scout is devious. A Zipple Scout is sneaky. A Zipple -
Brenda::: Who wants to be devious and sneaky?
Ruffnut::: Who doesn't want to be devious and sneaky?
Brant/Brenda::: Us.
Brenda::: Duh.
Tuffnut::: Duh? That's the best you got, Brenda? Ugh. It's worse than I thought. He's completely brainwashed them.
Ruffnut::: It's up to us to un-brainwash them. We must teach them the way of the Zippleback.
Snotlout::: Psst. Hey, don't listen to those two Zippleback clowns. If you have the guts, follow me to get your Monstrous Nightmare badge. It's way cooler.
Tuffnut::: Mm-hmm.
Snotlout::: Huh?
Tuffnut::: I thought I smelled the stink of a Jorgenson.
Ruffnut::: Stop soiling the minds of our Zipple Scouts!
Snotlout::: All right, well, why don't we just ask them what they want to be, rather than forcing them to be Zipple Scouts? They gasp and notice that the Explorers are gone Ha-ha. Where'd they go?
Fishlegs::: Based on the Dramillion's teeth, I'd say they're omnivores. Maybe I can plant some of their favorite berries or-or even build them a feeding station.
Astrid::: Fishlegs, you don't have to prove anything to anyone.
Fishlegs::: Yes, I do, Astrid. My ancestors were Dragon Hunters.
Astrid::: Yeah, but you're not. Nobody cares more about dragons than you. I mean, well, maybe Hiccup. But look, you guys are neck and neck.
Fishlegs::: When I was a kid, I was never the best in battle training, and I was never the best in weapons testing, but that didn't matter to me, because I was an Ingerman. We were kind, caring, intelligent. Being an Ingerman stood for something. Fishlegs drops to the ground after seeing smoke and hearing voices and then pulls Astrid down with him Get down!
Astrid::: Who is it?
Fishlegs::: Dragon Hunters! Astrid, they're hunting Dramillions. It's still going on.
Tuffnut::: Ugh, stickle thorns. Loki's favorite bush.
Snotlout::: Nightmare Scout would have no problem getting through there.
Tuffnut::: Neither would a Zipple Scout. Come on, Ruffnut, let's show him how it's done.
Ruffnut::: Good teachers always go the extra mile.
Tuffnut::: Yeah.
Tuffnut::: Ow, my elbow. Ooh and the chin!
Ruffnut::: Oh, my Thor!
Snotlout::: Oh, you guys are so easy, it makes me feel bad.  Snotlout goes around the bush and crawl under some wood and over some leaves on the ground Snotlout!
Ruffnut::: Chuckles Nightmare Scouts must love poison oak, 'cause you just crawled through a whole -
Hiccup::: Guys!
Fishlegs::: Just look at them, Astrid, all of those poor dragons.
Cleve::: Quiet! You should be happy in those cages. When we let you out, the new recruits are gonna hunt you down one by one.
Fishlegs::: New recruits?
Astrid::: This is a training ground for Hunters.
Fishlegs::: Of course! The Dramillions are capable of multiple attacks, which makes them perfect training dragons. And with their tails manacled, they can't fly away. These guys are smart, just like Ingermans.
Astrid::: Wait a minute. We don't know that these Hunters have any connection to the past.
Cleve::: For generations, Hunters have learned the trade using the Ingerman Method. To our founder, Shows a statue Ingar Ingerman! Ingar Ingerman! Ingar Ingerman!
Fishlegs::: Ingar.
Hunters::: ♪ An Ingerman's shot is fine and true. With axes in hand, we'll run you through. No dragon has heart, like our finest few. We're Hunters! We're Hunters! We're Hunters till the end!  ♪
Fishlegs::: He's trying to rescue his pack. I have to help him!
Astrid::: No! You'll break our cover.
Cleve::: Dramillion!
Fishlegs::: Ah, he probably followed us. I led him right to the Hunters. Ugh. Ingar Ingerman would have been so proud.
Astrid::: We need a plan. Fishlegs starts moving to confront the Hunters Wait, Fishlegs. Fishlegs, don't!
Fishlegs::: Let that dragon go!
Cleve::: On whose authority?
Fishlegs::: Mine!
Cleve::: And who might you be?
Fishlegs::: I am Fishlegs, Fishlegs Ingerman. That's right, Ingerman!
Cleve::: He says he's an Ingerman! Hunters laugh I suppose you're also related to the mighty Thor! And perhaps Odin himself! Hunters laugh somemore and seeing the oppurtunity the Dramillion breaks its bindings and tries to fly away but the manacle keeps it grounded Archers! Dramillion runs away dodging the arrows Don't worry! We'll get him during the hunt. Then we'll feast on the beast like true Ingermans!
Fishlegs::: No!
Astrid::: Hey! Run!
Tuffnut::: It wasn't our fault, Hiccup. Those little derelicts went rogue. I can't imagine where they got these ideas. Hmm.
Snotlout::: Oh, please! Somebody make it stop. Where's Gothi and her bony bag of tricks when I need her? Hookfang rolls his eyes She only shows up when I'm not itchy!
Hiccup::: How is it that three Dragon Riders who've gone head-to-head with Viggo Grimborn can't handle three children from Berk? What is it, bud?
Tuffnut::: I'll tell you what it is. Odin's rage!
Ruffnut::: The 1,000-year storm that wipes every living thing off the planet. Bam!
Snotlout::: Hookfang. Hookfang. Hookfang!
Tuffnut::: Uh! Oh, no, no, no!
Snotlout::: Aah!
Tuffnut::: Or it's a bunch of stampeding Night Terrors, often mistaken for Odin's rage.
Snotlout::: No! Giggling children are heard Huh?
Ruffnut::: You!
Shrug::: Hmm.
Hiccup::: All right, we have to wrangle these kids before somebody really gets hurt.
Snotlout::: What do you call these, Hiccup? Beauty marks?
Astrid::: He could be anywhere, Fishlegs.
Fishlegs::: We'll find him. We have to. They spot the Dramillion banging his tail against a tree trying to get the manacle off There! They land in front of it Stay here. I'm not gonna hurt you. Dramillion roars Okay, okay. I know why you're scared. I would be, too. You just have to trust me. Dramillion roars again Aah! Meatlug flies foward to protect Fishlegs He thinks I'm one of them. How do I make him believe?
Astrid::: Your helmet! It looks just like the Hunters.
Fishlegs::: You're all right. I'm sorry this happened to you.
Astrid::: You did it.
Fishlegs::: Now, let's get this barbaric manacle off your tail.
Astrid::: Ugh. They've reinforced the iron. All right. Blast it, Stormfly!
Fishlegs::: Ah, it's not Gronckle Iron. We need something to heat the metal and break it down. Meatlug, Lava Blast.
Astrid::: Hit it again, Stormfly.
Fishlegs::: Whoo! Yes! Ha-ha! Whoo! They hear a horn being blown The hunt.
Cleve::: Let the hunting begin!
Hunter::: Come here, little dragon. The Dramillion fires a Magnesium Blasts at the Hunter but he blocks it with his shield Oh! Ha!
Fishlegs::: Hurry, get the manacle off. Fishlegs and Astrid free the cornered Dramillion and hear another Dramillion and fly towards it Ah! We're never gonna be able to save 'em all.
Astrid::: Fishlegs, they're doing it by themselves.
Fishlegs::: Incredible.
Fishlegs::: Whoo-hoo! Yeah! With this knowledge, the Dramillions will never again be manacled.
Astrid::: I'd say the Ingerman family legacy has been reversed.
Fishlegs::: Almost. Come on, girl. Meatlug, spew! Meatlug and the Dramillions start destroying the statue and Hunter settlement Whoo-hoo! That's right! That's Fishlegs Ingerman for ya! Whoo!
Cleve::: Help me, Ingar! Oh! Help me, Ingar.
Brant::: Okay, yeah, yeah. Shh.
Hiccup::: I think we've found our elusive guests.
Ruffnut::: Or that is one happy tree.
Brant::: What a bunch of idiots!
Tuffnut::: I hope you three have learned your lesson.
Hiccup::: Yes, how not to lead a campout. Astrid and Fishlegs arrive and Hiccup walks up to Fishlegs with a stern face So? Dramillions? How were they?
Fishlegs::: Oh, amazing, Hiccup. You're not gonna believe it.
Snotlout::: Well, well, well, look who finally decided to show up. They're your problem now, Fishface!
Fishlegs::: Did you guys behave yourselves?
Brant/Brenda::: Yes, Uncle Fishlegs.
Shrug::: Hmm.
Tuffnut::: Wait, Uncle?
Ruffnut::: Fishlegs!
Snotlout::: Ugh, you're Ingermans?
Brant::: Laughs Zippleback gas.
Brenda::: A little is never enough.
Shrug::: Devious and sneaky.
Snotlout::: There will be repercussions for this!
Tuffnut::: Ah, the student becomes the teacher.
Ruffnut::: Makes it all worth it.
Fishlegs::: Well, it looks like they've earned their Zippleback badges. Now let's see if we can't work on the other, less destructive achievements. After all, we do have the Ingerman name to think about.
Snotlout::: There will be repercussions for this! Repercussions!
