Hiccup::: All right, gang, when we get to Wingmaiden Island, I want everyone to be on their best behavior.
Ruffnut::: Hiccup, we've made a chiefly decision.
Hiccup::: O-Okay. But you're not a chief, so -
Tuffnut::: We think that we should tell Atali, we need to move the lenses.
Ruffnut::: Since we are the ones that found out Johann knows where you hid them.
Hiccup::: Okay, first of all, we don't know for sure that Johann knows anything about the lenses. You just heard a rumor about it at the Northern Markets. I'm just moving the lenses as a precaution.
Snotlout::: Uh-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. If anyone is telling Atali anything, it should be me telling her, because I'm like the ambassador to the Wingmaidens.
Astrid::: You're so right, Snotlout. I can't believe they haven't erected a statue in your honor.
Snotlout::: They probably have, Astrid. We haven't been there in a while.
Ruffnut::: Yeah, a statue of Snotlout, sitting in a stew pot, screaming for help.
Snotlout::: Ha ha ha. Like you know anything about the Wingmaidens, Ruff.
Ruffnut::: I know they're not dudes! Yeah, they're, like, winged, and they're, like, maiden and stuff.
Atali::: I completely agree, Hiccup. Even if there's a small chance the Hunters know where the lenses are hidden, they should be moved.
Hiccup::: You might want to stay on high alert for a while, Atali, just in case they come looking for them.
Atali::: Yes, especially during the Grand Transition.
Snotlout::: Ah-ha. What's the Grand Transition?
Ruffnut::: I thought you were the ambassador. Shouldn't you know?
Snotlout::: Shut up, Ruffnut.
Fishlegs::: Gasps Wait, y-your baby Razorwhips are gone.
Atali::: The Razorwhips have been returned to the flock. The time had come for them to leave the safety of our care.
Ruffnut::: Must be nice to finally get that dragon off your back, am I right? Up top! Down low. Tuffnut ignores her All right.
Atali::: The Grand Transition is bittersweet, Ruffnut. As one group departs, our hearts ache, but then another flock of babies come to fill the void.
Fishlegs::: I knew I heard rustling in the rookery. Ooh, little baby dragons!
Atali::: Yes. And tonight they will choose their Wingmaiden, and the process will start all over again.
Snotlout::: You know, A, if you ladies need any help with the great tradition -
Atali::: Grand Transition.
Hiccup::: Okay, well, too bad we can't stay, Snotlout. We don't want to intrude. Or mess anything up.
Atali::: Nonsense, Hiccup. You will all stay the night and be our honored guests at the ceremony.
Hiccup::: Best behavior.
Snotlout::: Right. Best behavior.
Atali::: For generations, the Wingmaidens and the Razorwhips have lived in perfect harmony. Tonight that tradition continues. Atali starts to light each torch Each baby Razorwhip will choose its Wingmaiden. That is the first step in our sacred bond. This is the way it has always been, and this is the way it will always be.
Fishlegs::: Look, Hiccup. It's like a little Razorwhip family.
Ruffnut::: Ugh. Make up your mind already. Baby Razorwhip reacts and starts running Wait. Why is it coming at me? What the- Baby Razorwhip jumps into Ruffnut's arms Stop! No, no! No! Ah, no, no, no, no, no, no! Mommy's right over there by the torch. Go to the light!
Tuffnut::: Oh, look at him, Ruffnut. Tuffnut starts scratching his chin while speaking baby talk He's ours. We shall name him, Wingnut.
Atali::: This can't be.
Snotlout::: Ha! And you guys thought I was gonna mess things up.
Ruffnut::: Ugh, hey, watch the braids, pal! Get him off me! Ugh!
Atali::: He needs to come with me.
Tuffnut::: Support the head.
Atali::: Come on. Here you go.
Ruffnut::: Frisky little sucker.
Hiccup::: I'm so sorry, Atali. I don't know what happened.
Atali::: He must have become disoriented from all the extra people.
Fishlegs::: Baby dragons are very instinctual.
Snotlout::: What?! There's no way he meant to go to Ruffnut. No way.
Atali::: Well, now he's back where he belongs.
Hiccup::: Okay, guys, let's grab the lenses and head to the Edge Hiccup mounts Toothless before anything else goes wrong.
Atali::: Has anyone seen my Razorwhip? He was gone when I woke up.
Tuffnut::: You lost Wingnut? Okay, don't panic. We need to make a lot of missing signs. I'll put them on all the huts and milk buckets and I'll make a sandwich board for the village idiot.
Hiccup::: Could he have gone back to the rookery?
Atali::: No, I checked.
Ruffnut::: He's probably hanging out with his buddies somewhere shooting the breeze. Ruffnut notices Wingnut on her back Or he's attached to my back.
Hiccup::: Here, let me help you get him off you.
Atali::: No, no, no, Hiccup. The first few days of the process are the most important. If Wingnut doesn't bond with someone, he will die. Ruffnut, you must become a Wingmaiden.
Ruffnut::: What?! Me?!
Astrid::: You really think she can pull this off?
Hiccup::: Yeah. Well, I hope so, for Wingnut's sake.
Fishlegs::: Well, I for one, believe in her.
Snotlout::: Please, I've seen ax handles that are more mothering. Prepare for failure.
Atali::: Caring for your Razorwhip is the most rewarding part of being a Wingmaiden. You have to groom your dragon daily to avoid parasites and disease.
Ruffnut::: Hmm. Ruffnut roughly grabs Wingnut and lifts up a brush All right, Wingnut, let's get you cleaned up. Wingnut slaps the brush out of her hand Hey, watch it, you!
Astrid::: You can do this, Ruff.
Tuffnut::: Come on, Ruff, remember when we picked the fleas out of Uncle Uggard's back hair? And then you got fleas because of it?
Ruffnut::: That was different! He didn't have teeth!
Atali::: Uh, carefully lift each scale and scrub underneath it.
Ruffnut::: Ow! Grooming Razorwhips really bites.
Tuffnut::: ♪ Scrub, scrub, scrub, alone, above. Ah, Wingnut's in the tubbidy-tub. Washing his cares away. ♪
Atali::: Who knew that baby Razorwhips loved the water?
Wingmaiden::: Oh. Get it. Here you go. Ah.
Atali::: The baby Razorwhip's nutrition is critical. Only a well-fed dragon will thrive.
Ruffnut::: Come on! Ah! Get in there. Ruffnut tries to force the sea slug into Wingnut's mouth but he keeps dodging it Open your mouth! Ugh! I grabbed you the juiciest one! What is wrong with you?
Snotlout::: I hate to say I told you so, but- Astrid glares at Snotlout Nobody listens.
Hiccup::: It is not easy, Snotlout.
Fishlegs::: Feeding baby dragons can be a bit tricky.
Ruffnut::: Nailed it!
Tuffnut::: I can't watch this. I refuse to let our baby starve in the streets. Tuffnut runs over and takes the sea slug that Ruffnut had just pulled off of her face and places it into his mouth Oh! Tangy hideous! Revolting.
Ruffnut::: What are you doing, Tuff? Those are not for us! They're for Wingnut! and -
Atali::: Oh! A Wingmaiden faints at the sight There are many ways to feed a baby Razorwhip. Ruffnut, you just invented another one.
Snotlout::: Huh, even a blind chicken gets a kernel once in a while.
Atali::: Communication is the key to the bond between Razorwhip and Wingmaiden. You need to have a specific call that only your dragon understands.
Ruffnut::: Hey. Wingy. Come here. Wingnut! Don't you make me come over there. Get over here!
Astrid::: Hiccup, give her some help.
Ruffnut::: Over here! Get over here! Hey.
Hiccup::: How's it going?
Ruffnut::: Isn't it obvious?
Hiccup::: Maybe just try and be a little more -
Ruffnut::: Ah, whoa!
Atali::: Well, in all my years, I've never heard a call like that. You're going to make an amazing Wingmaiden, Ruffnut.
Ruffnut::: Yep. That's me. Ruffnut, the super Wingmaiden. So excited.
Atali::: Tomorrow you will take your first flight. Get some rest.
Ruffnut::: I can't do it, Atali. I'm just not cut out for this. I don't have the same Wingnut bites Ruffnut's hair motherly stuff that you all have. Oh, one more time! Do it one more time! Wingnut bites the chastising finger that Ruffnut has out See what I mean?
Atali::: But you're doing great. A bit unorthodox, maybe.
Ruffnut::: It was Tuffnut! All Tuffnut. He's the one that's been doing everything.
Atali::: Ruffnut -
Ruffnut::: Snotlout's right. I'm just not Wingmaiden material.
Atali::: Sit down with me. Please. Ruffnut sits next to her while Wingnut chews on her helmet Bonding with a baby Razorwhip doesn't always happen right away. That's why we do these exercises.
Ruffnut::: But nothing I do seems to work. You should just do it.
Atali::: This isn't about me. It's about the dragon. Nobody knows why a Razorwhip chooses a Wingmaiden. Is it instinct? A feeling? Or something more mystical? Whatever the reason, this little guy chose you. Ruffnut looks at him and Wingnut licks her nose Trust Wingnut. Let him be your guide. The dragon is never wrong.
Atali::: This is the leap of faith the moment the bond with your dragon will be complete.
Hiccup::: So you know I'm happy to give you some pointers, Ruff, but isn't this kind of cheating?
Ruffnut::: I may be a Nut, Hiccup, but I ain't crazy. And if I'm gonna do a leap of faith, I need to have faith that I'm not gonna splatter on the ground.
Hiccup::: Yep, fair enough. Well, let's start with the basics. The most important thing to master is your balance.
Tuffnut::: This was a much better idea a thousand feet lower.
Hiccup::: Tuffnut?
Tuffnut::: Slide forward. I'm coming up.
Ruffnut::: What are you doing here?
Tuffnut::: I uh, I came to give you moral support.
Ruffnut::: Thanks, bro!
Tuffnut::: Not you, Ruffnut. Wingnut. Now, hold on tight, little guy. I'll be right here when you get back.
Hiccup::: All right, come on, Ruff.
Ruffnut::: Oh, whoa! Don't let go, Hiccup!
Hiccup::: I got you. Just keep your hips balanced.
Ruffnut::: Whoa, whoa, whoa, I think I got it. 'Hiccup slowly lets go of Ruffnut's hand and she flies off I got it! Whoo-hoo! Yeah! I got it! We're doing it, Wingnut! We're doing it! Just you and me! And a - seagull?!
Tuffnut::: Bird strike!
Ruffnut::: I don't got it!
Tuffnut::: Wingnut! Shows Tuffnut fall towards them and Toothless notices he jumped before following. Tuffnut collides with Ruffnut and Hiccup causing them all to fall Aah!
Ruffnut::: Whoa! I'm fine.
Wingmaiden::: There, there. You're all right.
Ruffnut::: For Wingnut's sake, I don't deserve to be a Wingmaiden. Ruffnut hands Wingnut to Atali I guess the dragon was wrong this time.
Astrid::: I feel bad for Ruffnut.
Hiccup::: Yeah. Me too. She gave it her best shot. Toothless roars concerned and Hiccup pats his head
Snotlout::: Oh, my Thor. She failed. Big surprise. Let's go.
Fishlegs::: I just hope Wingnut finds another Wingmaiden before it's too late.
Snotlout::: Where are the twins?
Atali::: I want to congratulate you all on completing your first flight and graduating to the next level. Our bonds with our Razorwhips are strong.
Ruffnut::: Whatever, I never wanted to be a Wingmaiden anyway.
Tuffnut::: Look on the bright side. At least you know you'd be a terrible mom, you know, before you end up with a horde of kids that you would corrupt.
Hunter::: Make ready, lads! Mind the boat!
Ruffnut::: Look at that. Even the Dragon Hunters have come to celebrate with the Wingmaidens.
Tuffnut::: They're always there at your lowest point. More than happy to rub salt in the wound like a master chef spicing a yak steak. Yak filet, mmm. Tuffnut smacks his lips Making myself hungry.
Ruffnut::: Wait a minute -
Tuffnut::: I can't believe what we're missing. Those guys are party animals.
Ruffnut::: Tuff, they're ambushing the island. We have to save Atali and Wingnut!
Atali::: Dragon Hunters!
Krogan::: The Wingmaidens are pinned in the cove. Go into the tower and retrieve the Dragon Eye lenses.
Hiccup::: Looking for these?
Krogan::: You're all mine, Hiccup.
Astrid::: Snotlout, on my wing! Fishlegs, protect the shrine!
Fishlegs::: Give it all you got, girl.
Ruffnut::: Light 'em up!
Ruffnut::: Oh, no.
Hunter::: Look at the dumb little lizard.
Different Hunter::: He's not much more than an appetizer.
Ruffnut::: Wingnut!
Ruffnut::: You messed with the wrong Nutmaiden. Ruffnut takes out the Hunters with a combination of disarming and using their weapons against them and aerial strikes I'm not always that violent just most of the time. Ruffnut climbs back onto Barf and they leave
Hiccup::: I've had about enough of this. How about you? Toothless roars in agreement and Hiccup takes out his shield Now, bud!
Krogan::: Easy, dragon. Singetail bucks and shoots fire erractically while Krogan tries to get it under control Hey!
Hiccup::: Okay, finish them off, and then we'll double back to Krogan.
Astrid::: But, Hiccup -
Hiccup::: I know. Keep fighting. We can't leave the Wingmaidens.
Ruffnut::: Atali's in trouble.
Atali::: Aah!
Ruffnut::: We're coming, Atali!
Tuffnut::: Ruffnut!
Ruffnut::: Yeah!
Tuffnut::: Whoo! Yeah! All right! Barf and Belch celebrate waving their necks Whoa!
Ruffnut::: Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Atali::: You did it.
Flyer::: Another Dragon Rider!
Krogan::: It's just one more dragon. Victory is within our grasp.
Ruffnut::: Hey, Dragon Flyers! Wingmaidens come into view behind Barf and Belch Remember the Wingmaidens?
Hiccup::: Come on, Krogan. Let's finish it.
Krogan::: Next time, Hiccup Haddock.
Atali::: Ruffnut Thorston, for saving the life of Wingnut and for your uncommon valor in battle, you are now a full-fledged Wingmaiden.
Snotlout::: Okay, fine. Whoo-hoo. She did it. She's a Wingmaiden. I'm still the ambassador.
Atali::: You trusted your Razorwhip, and the dragon unlocked your heart.
Ruffnut::: Yeah. Okay, so that's it? Let's head back to the Edge, huh? I sure hope Wingnut likes Chicken.
Atali::: Oh, no, no, no, no, you can't leave, Ruffnut. This is Wingnut's home. You're a Wingmaiden now.
Ruffnut::: I may be a Wingmaiden, but I'm also a Dragon Rider.
Atali::: Yes, but all of these baby dragons are Wingnut's siblings. He needs to stay with them until they are released back to the flock.
Ruffnut::: And Tuffnut's my brother, and I need to stay with him because he's never released back to the flock.
Tuffnut::: I got it. Problem solved. I'll just stay here. I'm really the best Wingmaiden on this island. I'd say I proved that pretty decisively.
Atali::: You're not a Wingmaiden.
Tuffnut::: Okay. Fine. Wing-man.
Atali::: As you know, Tuffnut, men are not allowed to live on the island.
Tuffnut::: Isn't that convenient? I do all the work around here, then you guys ditch me to go have your fun. Well, maybe I'll just start my own club, on my own island, where people aren't allowed. How about that?
Ruffnut::: Aw, he's nuzzling me. Obviously means something. I don't know what, but something.
Tuffnut::: Wait. What did it mean? Tell me.
Astrid::: I think Wingnut just made the decision for you.
Atali::: Hmm. Razorwhips are mysterious creatures.
Ruffnut::: Eh, easy come, easy go.
Atali::: Dragon Riders, you will always be welcome here.
Hiccup::: And we'll always be ready to fight by your side.
Tuffnut::: Why did we even have him, Ruff, when we knew that he was just gonna grow up and leave us like this? Empty, alone, in a nest.
Fishlegs::: In the end, Wingnut chose his family.
Hiccup::: We'd all do the same thing.
Ruffnut::: I know I did.
