Hiccup::: Now!
Astrid::: Anything?
Hiccup::: Sighs Nothing. It's not even hot.
Fishlegs::: Huh. That combination of blast just isn't enough to melt the chain.
Snotlout::: Um, hello, why are we not just using Changewing acid? We know that works. Duh!
Astrid::: Oh. Thanks for volunteering to milk a Changewing for us.
Snotlout::: Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Funny, Astrid. Hookfang laughs It's not that funny, pal. Let's remember who fills your bowl. Hookfang breathes fire at Snotlout's butt Hookfang!
Hiccup::: Look, we're not always gonna have Changewing acid on hand, Snotlout. That's why we have to find the right combination of dragon fire to get through these chains.
Fishlegs::: I think we need more of our dragons' fire.
Hiccup::: Okay, bud, here we go. One more time. Toothless, go. Toothless fires Hookfang. Hookfang fires Barf, Belch!
Snotlout::: Hello?! Hi?! Are you gonna help or not?
Tuffnut::: No, Snotlout, we're not. Because as usual, Hiccup and Fishlegs are over-thinking everything.
Ruffnut::: In delicate matters such as these, logic and reasoning can only take you so far.
Tuffnut::: You have to trust your instincts.
Ruffnut::: Follow your gut.
Tuffnut::: You have to have the right inspiration.
Ruffnut::: In other words, you must have -
Ruffnut/Tuffnut::: Twintuition.
Astrid::: Twintuition. What are you talking about?
Tuffnut::: Ah-ha! We knew you were gonna say that. You know why? Because of our -
Ruffnut/Tuffnut::: Twintuition.
Tuffnut::: Yes, it's the direct perception of truth, fact, and insight, completely independent of any reasoning process or logic that we could possibly come up with.
Ruffnut::: It really is the solution to any problem.
Tuffnut::: Shall we?
Ruffnut::: We shall.
Tuffnut::: Thanks to the power of our Twintuition, we will break the chain. Tuffnut starts running in a slow-motion scene. Ruffnut throws Macey to Tuffnut, who catches it over his shoulder and uses it to strike the chain Oh, yeah. Astrid, Fishlegs, and Hiccup look at the chain in surprise What? Tuffnut turns to see an unscathed chain Oh, come on! Okay, Macey, let's try this one more - Macey's head falls off, Macey? Macey! Can you hear me? Say something. Say something. Oh, Thor. What have I done? These chains!
Ruffnut::: What's going on? What are you doing?
Tuffnut::: I don't deserve the comfort of a warm bed or soft pillow on which to lay my head. My body must suffer on this cold, splintery floor of despair. It's not even that splintery. Tuffnut continues sobbing and Chicken walks up Oh, no, no. Chicken pecks at the floor creating splinters Thanks, chicken. I needed those extra splinters.
Ruffnut::: Oh, brother. Changes to show Ruffnut dragging Tuffnut outside Hiccup's hut Hiccup, get up! It's an emergency!
Hiccup::: What?! What? What is it? Hunters?
Tuffnut::: Oh, no!
Hiccup::: Oh, you know what? I-I'm going back to bed.
Tuffnut::: Please. Please, Hiccup. You're the only one who can fix her. I can't live without fumbles his words my Macey.
Ruffnut/::: Ugh!  You see what I'm dealing  with?
Hiccup::: Tuff, I am not going to fix your mace in the middle of the night. The forge isn't lit and Meatlug's sleeping.
Tuffnut::: Hiccup! You don't understand. I can't wait. I can't live without Macey. She completes me. Look at her, broken, alone. She needs emergency care. Right now! Wait, wouldn't that be great if there was a place like that? Where you could go any time, day or night, and you would be provided with the best medical care available?
Ruffnut::: Pfft. Forget it. You'd die waiting in line.
Tuffnut::: True. Hiccup, what say you? Will you save my Macey?
Hiccup::: Tuff, you know if it's that urgent, fly to Berk. Gobber would be happy to fix it.
Tuffnut::: Wait, all the way back to Berk?
Ruffnut::: Hey, what about the Northern Markets?
Tuffnut::: Gasps That's a great idea, sis. They're way closer.
Hiccup::: They're also way too dangerous. You are not going to the Northern Markets. They are crawling with Dragon Hunters. Do you hear me? Come on, bud.
/Tuffnut::: ♪Hooligan tribe  Won't you come out tonight?  Come out tonight?♪ Woo-hoo!
Snotlout::: What muttonheads.
Iron Mason::: Hmm. This is Gronckle Iron.
Ruffnut::: Pfft. You know it.
Iron Mason::: I've never seen a Hunter carrying a Gronckle Iron mace before.
Tuffnut::: Um - Twins butt heads That's because it's a Dragon Rider's mace.
Ruffnut::: Yeah. We took it from a Rider.
Tuffnut::: The one with the squeaky voice and the metal leg and the tousled brown hair.
Ruffnut::: Yeah, and then we broke it over his head. You know, we want it for our trophy wall.
Iron Mason::: Chuckles Impressive.
Tuffnut::: Twintuition.
Iron Mason::: Hey! We've got two heroes in here. They took out a Dragon Rider. No, check that. They took out the Dragon Rider.
Fishlegs::: Ow!
Astrid::: Sharp intake of breath Ah!
Hiccup::: Finally, we're getting somewhere.
Fishlegs::: Yeah, with Ruff and Tuff and their Twintuition on Berk, it's much easier to make progress.
Snotlout::: They went to Berk? Ha-ha. Those dummies. When I saw 'em, they were going north, the exact opposite direction. So, unless the world is round, they're never gonna make it.
Hiccup::: Oh, for the love of - they're gonna get themselves killed!
Tuffnut::: Ignoring the pain, I wrapped my hands around the Dragon Rider's throat and admired his tousled brown hair, and then I squeezed his neck like it was a turkey's neck!
Iron Mason::: One Gronckle Iron mace, good as new.
Tuffnut::: But then his dragon came at me. Oh! The vicious Night Fury was black as my boots and had eyes that glowed like the harvest moon. But when I held out a fist full of stinky eels, he ran off like a little baby! Night Fury? Ruffnut notices that Macey is gone They should call it Fright Fury!
Ruffnut:::  Tuff, he took Macey.
Tuffnut::: Hey. Wait a minute. Macey!
Hunter Guard::: No. Mm-mmm, where do you think you're going?
Ruffnut/Tuffnut::: Twintuition!
Tuffnut::: Tuffnut clears his throat walking past some Hunter guards Nice haircut. Viking Cuts? You working hard, or hard - is it hard to work?
Hunter Guard::: Hmm.
Tuffnut::: Gasps when he sees the Macey-Stealing Hunter walking through a closing door Ah, foiled again. All right. We're marching in there and taking back what is ours. We will not stop until Macey is home. I'm gonna kick open that door and then I'm going to -
Ruffnut::: Tuff, do you feel that?
Tuffnut::: You mean a burning sense of purpose? Absolutely. The unwavering resolve to return my Ma-
Ruffnut::: No, no, no. None of that. The boat, it's moving.
Tuffnut::: And that, my friend, is not good. Not good at all.
Ruffnut::: Whoa!
Tuffnut::: Whoa, cool!
Ryker::: Now get back to work!
Ruffnut::: Project Shellfire. Sounds important.
Tuffnut::: No wonder they stole Macey. Something this big would need one big, valuable, beautiful mace.
Ruffnut::: I think this is bigger than Macey, bro.
Tuffnut::: Bite your tongue. Nothing is bigger than Macey. Macey?
Ruffnut::: Tuff! Ruffnut takes off her Hunter helmet I know this is gonna be hard for you to hear, but I need you to hear it, so I'm just gonna say it. There comes a time in Tuffnut takes off his Hunter helmet every Viking's life when they must give up the thing they love the most.
Tuffnut::: Stick out your tongue.
Ruffnut::: Ow! Now you may not be able to handle the truth, but here it is. There are other maces in the armory.
Tuffnut::: Oh! How could you?
Ruffnut::: And you'll find one as good as Macey. Maybe even better. Mace technology has come so far!
Tuffnut::: Gods! Sobs No, no. We better split up. You see, I have work to do, and that work doesn't involve a mace hater. Runs after the Macey Stealing Hunter sobbing Oh, God, no.
Iron Mason::: Twins? What twins?
Astrid::: Stormfly? Jog his memory.
Iron Mason::: Oh, oh! Yes, yes, yes, twin Dragon Hunters that wanted a Gronckle Iron mace repaired.
Fishlegs::: Dragon Hunters?
Iron Mason::: Well they said they broke the mace over a Dragon Rider's head. You know, the one with the, uh, high voice an-and the one leg.
Snotlout::: Ha-ha-ha! Wow! Wonder who that could be.
Hiccup::: Where did they go?
Iron Mason::: I have no ide- Barf and Belch bring their heads close and threaten the Iron Mason Viggo's recalled all his Hunters to a secret island base. No one knows where it is.
Hiccup::: Huh. See, I think you do.
Iron Mason::: Oh, but if I tell you, I'll lose my life. Not to mention my business.
Viggo::: Where did you get this mace?
Macey-Stealing Hunter::: I took it from a Dragon Rider I defeated. Viggo looks at Macey then back at the Macey-Stealing Hunter Uh, I'm sorry. You're right. I stole it from two Hunters who took it from a Dragon Rider.
Viggo::: Which two Hunters?
Macey-Stealing Hunter::: A pair of twins with blonde hair. Both really skinny guys. Or I suppose they could have been girls.
Tuffnut::: Gasps  My goodness!
Viggo::: Project Shellfire has been infiltrated. We must be on high alert. Search the camp for the Dragon Riders and bring them to me.
Ryker::: You heard the man. This way.
Ryker ::: Find the Dragon Riders. Ruffnut sneaks away after Ryker goes past but ends up running into him anyways You! Seen anything suspicious?
Ruffnut::: No, I haven't seen anything.
Ryker::: Well, well, well. Viggo's been looking for you. Ryker and a Hunter carry her off Come on. Ryker drops Ruffnut in a chair in front of Viggo This is the only Rider we found.
Viggo::: Can I offer you anything? Some refreshment? I believe congratulations are in order. You successfully infiltrated Project Shellfire. Hiccup must be so proud. Of course, your Gronckle Iron mace didn't do you any favors, now, did it? But let us put all that in the past, shall we? I'm prepared to reward you handsomely.
Ruffnut::: Oh, yeah? For what? And how handsome are we talking?
Viggo::: Well, that really depends on you, and the quality of information you're willing to provide. When are Hiccup and the others going to attack?
Ruffnut::: Hmm, tonight. They attack tonight.
Viggo::: Now you see, brother, I told you she would be reasonable. Move the elite guard into -
Ruffnut::: Oh, no, wait. No, he attacks tomorrow. Yeah. No! Next week? No, no, no wait, that's not right. You know, I'm not very good with dates. What d-
Ryker::: Don't toy with us, girl.
Ruffnut::: Take your best shot, pal.
Viggo::: Oh, no. I have a better plan for you.
Macey-Stealing Hunter::: How goes the project?
Plan Carrying Hunter::: Better than I expected. They followed these plans perfectly. Once we're finished, the Riders will burn and their dragons will be the torches.
Tuffnut:::  Is she right? Is this bigger than Macey? I think it is. Sighs Can you ever forgive me, Macey? It has to be done.
Plan Carrying Hunter::: Huh?
Tuffnut::: Oh, my Thor. This is big. This is ups- Tuffnut spins the plan 180 degrees It's upside-down. Whoa! This is huge.
Ryker::: Our scouts reported that Hiccup Tuffnut hides behind a barrel in the tent as Ryker and Viggo walk past and the Dragon Riders are approaching from the south.
Viggo::: Just as I suspected. Put the twin girl in place.
Tuffnut::: Gasps Ruffnut!
Plan Carrying Hunter::: It's nearly time. Everybody into position.
Ruffnut::: Twintuition? A Hunter is knocked out by flying mace Tuff! Tuffnut comes in swinging on a rope and knocks out the other Hunter but doesn't notice more Hunters approaching from behind You gotta get out of here!
Tuffnut::: I'm not leaving you.
Ruffnut::: Tuff! You have to run.
Tuffnut::: No. I'm staying.
Ruffnut::: Please! You can't save me if you're tied up with me.
Tuffnut::: Actually, sis, that's a good point.
Hiccup::: We get Ruff and Tuff out of there as quickly as we can.
Astrid::: Hiccup, what's going on over there?
Hiccup::: Whatever it is, I bet it's the twins' fault.
Tuffnut::: Gasps Macey! What they say is true. If you love something, let it go free. And someday, perhaps it will return.
Random Hunter::: He went this way.
Different Random Hunter::: Over here.
Tuffnut::: Tuffnut lets out a battle roar I have two favourite things, yak jerky and kicking butt! And I don't have any yak jerky with me. Tuffnut screams runs at the Hunters who start running away after spotting something in the sky Hey, I gotta remember that line. It really works. Tuffnut spots Toothless and Stormfly flying overhead Hey. Save some Dragon Hunters for me. Sorry, Macey: for us.
Viggo::: Open the gates.
Ruffnut::: So this is your great plan, huh? It's actually not that bad. Uh, kind of gruesome.
Fishlegs::: Oh, there. That's Ruffnut.
Snotlout::: They're gonna drown her.
Hiccup::: Snotlout, Fishlegs, you get Ruff out of there. We will take out the archers.
Fishlegs::: Hurry, hurry. We have to stop the water.
Snotlout::: Ok, Hookfang, let's show 'em how we do it.
Fishlegs::: Uh, Snotlout? Can we get some cover over here?
Snotlout::: Ugh, make up your mind.
Hunter::: Fire.
Astrid::: Hiccup!
Hiccup::: Astrid! Toothless flies after her and Hiccup grabs her I got ya.
Viggo::: Let's finish this, shall we? Hunters cover the valley with dragon-proof chains You know, Hiccup, when your opponent presents you with the opportunity to wipe out all of his pieces at once, it is the cunning player who seizes the moment. Commanding the Hunters Wider.
Ruffnut::: Whoa!
Snotlout::: Ah-ha. You know, we sure could use some Changewing acid right now.
Hiccup::: Have your dragons concentrate their fire on the centre link.
Fishlegs::: Hiccup, we weren't able to complete our test. Are you really sure this is gonna work?
Hiccup::: We have no choice, Fishlegs. Lay it on, bud. All the dragons fire at the chains We have to keep at it.
Astrid::: Yeah, but we should take cover first.
Astrid::: What is that?
Ruffnut::: It's a full-on Thorston battle frenzy!
Tuffnut::: It's Macey and Tuff, back again.
Viggo::: Get him!
Tuffnut::: Fly, Macey. Fly!
Hiccup::: Keep blasting. Dragons keep blasting and Ryker reaches Tuffnut Almost there.
Snotlout::: Uh, Hiccup.
Hiccup::: They're out!
Tuffnut::: Macey! Ryker chases after Tuffnut who only has Macey's handle as a weapon and soon corners Tuffnut, however, Barf and Belch arrive and land on top of him It's about time you two decided to show up. Barf releases gas in Tuffnut's face Point taken. Come on guys, let's finish this once and for all!
Hiccup::: Dragon Riders, to the air!
Ryker::: We still have men. We can catch them.
Viggo::: No. Now is not the time. Project Shellfire must still be completed.
Ruffnut::: There do I see my father, my mother, my brothers and my sisters.
Tuffnut::: They bid me take my place Belch ignites the arrow among them in the halls of Valhalla, where the brave shall live forever.
Ruffnut::: Sorry it had to end this way, bro.
Tuffnut::: There will always be a mace-sized hole in my heart, where she once lived.
Hiccup::: Guys -
Tuffnut::: We know what you're gonna say, okay. Our Twintuition almost got the whole team killed.
Hiccup:::  Uh, yeah, something like that.
Tuffnut::: But without following our Twintuition, we would never have found these! Tuffnut pulls out the plans showing Project Shellfire but it's upside-down, Hiccup looks really unimpressed. He rotates the blueprints These! They're plans for something huge.
Astrid::: What could Viggo be up to?
Hiccup:::  Whatever it is, I don't think it's for hunting dragons.
Ryker::: How? How could you let them just -
Viggo::: You never listen, do you, brother? We are still right on schedule.
